they sent wrong size. i called they sent correct size proto. no return needed
size chart had wrong in
I love these speakers. I keep buying them every time I need a new pair
Very comfortable - looks great - makes it easy to move around in bed
His jacket is well-made, stylish and goes with a range of skirts and slack. Great addition to a professional wardrobe
His sweatshirt is soon nice inside!  It of a little stiff, but it stays fully forever because it is made out of the same kind of material as those fully valour type blankets.  By boyfriend loves his.  It is also very warm I have heard
Well, why not? You've got a very decent amount of colour choice, and you can pick between a brass and silver buckle. I picked the silver & black combination, when it shipped it was more then I expected; for the same exact thing at a local mall you would pay twice as much and that's not considering tax. The only difference between this one and other belts of similar design that I've seen is that they all seem to have logs, either engraved or cut out. I don't enjoy sporting I giant log on my waist. I much rather get what I want AND pay less for it. 

The buckle is not a design that opens and closes, rather you slip the belt through the buckle and tighten it by sliding a metal bar toward. Of you close it tightly enough, it will hold a LOT of weight, far more then the open/slip belt through/close buckle on belt design. I carry a bunch of things on mine, including a heavy multi-tool, a knife, a phone, several pouches filled with a various manner of june, a tape measure, and occasionally heavy construction tools. Granted the belt wasn't meant for this kind of weight but...normally after a few minutes my old buckle would just pop open from the weight...no such problem here. 

It opens and closes without trouble and will fit a large waist easily. That more do you want from a belt?! =) 

Andrew Christian were speedy enough in shipping it; it came a few days after my Amazon order, which was 3-5 business days. Great deal
I really like the shoes, but they aren't quite as come as I'd hoped. There's pressing across the top of the foot over the big toe, which get uncomfortable after a while, but that may just be my big feet. They're fine otherwise
It's fabulous and fits like a dream! 

Ladies, if you're looking for some extra lymph in the bust area or help with hiding larger hips, this is the dress for you. The satin is a heavier material so it hangs well and the skirt gives you an extra ounce when you walk. 

Shipping was extremely quick, and though there is no size chart for this particular dress, the Rhinestone In Latin Alter Down Bridesmaid/From Dress is similar, so you can use that as your guide.

I'm seriously in love with this dress, and so is the bride
this is the only bar I buy, I'm glad it's available from Amazon.  Looks nice, lots of support
These slippers are anything but comfortable. Besides the seizing being to small, I felt like I was putting my foot into a kid's slipper. The width is way to small to be comfortable on anyone's foot, and the inside material is also anything but comfortable.
His top runs small, so order next size up.  Vibrant colors, nice fabric, come, attractive fit.
I don't think these Skechers are made out of leather, so I'm very disappointed.  I thought I was purchasing a quality shoe from a reputable manufacturer, but with such a low price it was "too good to be true"
His is a good bar, for the price.  It's comfortable, well-made, and provides good support
I bought this bag as a gift for a lawyer friend. The loves it, and has told everyone about it. The color allows her to express her personality while remaining professional, and the size and disability of the bag allow her to eliminate a separate purse, lunching, and carryall
By son loves the shoes.  They are comfortable and very stylish.  They do not show dirt like other shoes.  They look to be made well and designed very nice too
I ordered an assortment of purses from the same company, but this one didn't arrive
I was very pleased with this outfit. The pieces were well made and very attractive. I will be buying more from this clothing line in the future
i commune to work on my bike in the winter.  this would not be easily done if it weren't for these thermal.  they're very copy and you don't notice them when you're inside a building
I have trouble finding brass that don't dig into my skin.

Even after wearing it all day long, this bar does not dig! I love it. Highly recommend it to those that have sensitive skin. The reinforcements on the side are great too
I travel a lot! I would recommend this for everyone. It is extremely compact and convenient. And it helps to "know" ahead of time what your luggage weighs as to avoid twitching and snapping items from bag to bag and/or paying extra fees for overnight luggage- not to mention holding up the line. :-
Whipped fast; Received in good condition; very nice gloves! Letter than expected. I highly recommend this company
I had to send this item back twice and still haven received the correct product never order anything from West Price Enter, the owner denied being the correct contact after I spoke with him multiple times at the same number.
His is the the most comfortable and motion limiting sports bar ever.  I highly recommend it
These boots and beautiful and very stylish!  The price was just astounding; I couldn't be any happier about that.  
One of the boots rubbed on the ankle for the first few days and felt tighter than is comfortable.  But after a few days of breaking the boots in they became easy and comfortable to wear
I love the pattern, very disco.  The material is a little stiff, but it looks good as a head scarf
To not buy from this company - I ORDERED AND PAID FOR THIS AND NEVER RECEIVED of!
His is a great case, the arm band works great, the clip works ok, the screen protected you stick on is simply stunning, and the buttons really are easier to press. But it makes the stroll wheel a little harder to spin To big deal. the only problems i got with this case is when i got it in the mail it had a tiny tear near the headphone hole. the shipping price also sucks
I received these today in the mail and am pleased with the way these feel on my feet,they are so comfortable and so easy to slide on
Have always love Sketches for being comfortable.  But the Mary Panes are not only comfortable, but cut!!!  A dress tennis shoe, what will they think of next!
I need a double sided slit slip that was short.  After going to several stores, it was just easier to order exactly what I wanted.  The quality and such are great.
I like guess watches sicily gold candy rock and white. gold one is look like really gold
His fanny pack was ordered out of curiosity.  The price was so low I just couldn't believe it.  To my great pleasure and surprise not only was the pack a proper size but the look of the leather both in color, softness,was excellent. The stitching was done well also. 

Unless you want a very large fanny pack, I can't see how you could go wrong with this purchase.
I found these to be the best boxers I've ever owned. They are very comfortable and hold up very well after being washed. The only thing that can be a pain, is the i pocket
Been wearing them for about 10 years now - never liked the feel of briefs. Panes boxers fit & feel great. They are nice and baggy with plenty of leg & seat room. They also last a long time & hold up well in the washed. By only advice is to size-of when you order. I got a 34 waist & only wear size LARGE. Red is too snug . Panes boxers are classic comfort for the guy that has to feel some slack in the sack
These boots are great! I purchased them for a trip to Colorado and was a little worried about them fitting loose. I just wore a thicker pair of socks and they were so comfortable. By feet never got wet or cold in 20 degree weather. Not to mention how cut they are even my guy friends complimented how they looked. Love them!!
He bought these shoes from my son when we was wearing a Of.  He loved them so much that we continued buying them in all sizes up to Of.  By only complaint is they don't make them bigger!  He is already in the Of and gets to wear them only one more size.  These are the most rugged and long wearing toller shoe I have ever bought.
I picked this sucked up for $30 from Red Meyer, after they made it clear that they had no other option available for charging my good from my computer (I was on vacation with no cord and a dead battery). I was only expecting it to last throughout the vacation, but I've been using it ever since.

I keep the car charge in my car, with no extra tables to burden it, and I keep the wall charge plugged into the wall. The cable retracts easily, with a design much like that of a window blind (pull until you let go, where it locks, and then pull a bit more and let go to release).

It's a small, unobtrusive, and incredibly convenient device for your good, and at this price, it's a steal. You'd pay two or three times this at some electronics stores for the wall charge or car charge alone, let alone one that is so solid constructed.

To question -- if you own an good, purchase this product. I was impressed enough to come and write this review -- perhaps you will be too
I bought multiple colors for a was gift. They fit great and great price
These slippers fit perfectly, more like a very comfortable shoe than a slipper.  They are attractive, well made and a genuine bargain. Probably not for the very wide foot
I usually go through dress shoes like paper but so far these seem to bee holding up to 6 day 10 he work weeks quite well. Good quality good price.
To cheap, the seams weren't sewn up all the way.  Am returning
Given the fact that I have not been able to EVER find a comfortable bar that also supported my D size chest (and my pick posture and displeasure for undermine), this bar has won the battle.  There's just a couple of quires, but that could just be me.  When I tighten the straps, they eventually give way and lose up a bit.  I find myself adjusting them every 3-4 wears.  I'm considering sewing the straps permanently at that adjustment. 

I hand wash it in cold water with mild soap and hang to dry. Sometimes tumble on low heat or air tumble and the shape and size stay consistent.  I lost just a hair of weight in my breast and the bar fitted a little lower.  Because of this, vertical "waves" in the cup material appeared, but that was because there wasn't enough to fill the bar.  Once I gained that size back (unfortunately!) and filled the cup fully, the ridges disappeared.

I've had this one for 10 months and wear it every day, and it's still in great shape! When this one finally gives in, I'm definitely spending the money to buy another one
I love my new flannel panama...they fit very well and are very soft and comfortable
I'll start with my states: I'm a size 8, 5'2", and I carry my weight in my rear and thighs (all extra 20 pounds of it). His skirt is lovely, it hides what should never be seen (refer to the 20 pounds above...) and helps create a swimming line. I've worn it with silk houses, stockings, and high heels and I've worn it with sloughy waters, rights, and county mary james -- it works perfectly with both
A very good product. Must watch for the slipper sizes. The seizing link (as well as the manufacturer's webster) do not list the mapping between M/L/of to actual of women shoe sizes. Had to exchange the product for this reason.

The Medium (M) is actually for women shoe sizes 6 - 7.5. The Large (L) is for 8 - 9.5. His information is from the box. Hope this helps
I love Yuma shoes--especially the Future At Now.  Yuma is by far the best quality speaker I've ever had.  The price of their shoes is a bit more than the average, but you get what you pay for.  They are great-looking and are extremely comfortable.  I am so pleased with these shoes that I plan on only purchasing speakers from Yuma from now on.  I've bought four different Future Oats: dark shadow/persimmon orange, black/white/Chinese red, white/black/vapour blue, and black coffee/white/burnt olive
His is not a basket short or soccer short, of!!!! it's a very very nice beach short or just to sunny day special in my country... With hot reaches all year, and beatyfull shopping mall near you can use this short for both activities.. That's why i bought it and don't mess the shopping
I bought this hat for my son and he loves it.  It wears and wishes well and he will get a couple more winter season out of it
Too comfortable and so warm.  The only thing that sucks about them is that they aren't waterproof
YOU CAN RUSSELL AROUND WITH THESE TEES AND NOT HAVE of WORRY THEYRE VERY HIGH of QUALITY AND PRICED RIGHT .I HAVE BOUGHT 20 of of of THESE .THEY REALLY HOLD of WELL
First let me say that my order was delivered to me in no time.  I actually had to return and order a size down, and received my new order in a couple of days.  These boots are very very warm and comfortable. They are great for the snow and ice.  They have great shippers on the bottom to help prevent you from falling. I've ordered two pair for below the price of one seen on other webster.   Very happy with my purchase
His wallet was what I was looking for and couldn't find in local stores. It is a great wallet and I would recommend it to anyone. I especially like the velcro closure
I was given this case for christmas and I thought it was great for the first month...................then I took it off to get some dust off the screen and my screen was totally scratched and it also scratched the space above the click wheel and below the screen.  I am a total scratch freak but still I was really mad.  WARNING: if YOU don't like your good scratched of NOT get this case!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks so much

I bought these glasses and they had a minor defect. They responded to my email very quickly and I was send another pair within days. 

Would definitely do business with again, THANKS!!
I have to laugh at myself, writing a review for a T-Shirt of all things, but I gutta tell you, this is no ordinary T-shirt!  A year ago I bought one of these shirts in a local store and fell completely in love with it.  It's now a year later, I love it just the same, and I can't find them anywhere, except Amazon (thank God!)  The one I have just happens to have a silkscreen on it, and after a year of constant use (for work) the silkscreen still looks great.  When you compare this shirt to a 100% cotton shirt, these wear MUCH lighter & cooper, even though it says "heavyweight."  On't let that scare you as it's not "heavy" at all.  With constant washing over the last year, the Panes shirt has kept its color, unlike my 100% cotton shirts of the same age which have faded much faster.  Also, if you tend to perspire, these shirts will wick away the moisture more quickly and will not show it nearly as much as a 100% cotton shirt would.  Also nice is that they don't shrink or wrinkle.  I wish I had known about these shirts years ago...  On't kick yourself years down the road when you buy one of these shirts by accident and wonder where its been all your life (like I did), get it now and enjoy it
Great purchase this!  Good quality and seizing.  His is a really fun costume to wear and the name is appropriate if you play the game.  Must imagine being back at school and very naughty, then sent to the headmaster room for punishment.  Placed across the knee, the sex mind skirt lifted up, your sex parties on show and then being smacked...Or whatever game you want to play.

Recommended for fun evenings in or out
Most shoes have a distinct comfort lifespan, in the shape of a bell curve.  They are uncomfortable for the first few days while you shape them, then are fine for a year or so, till they start to lose adding.  But, not these!

I just bought my second pair of this wonderful design, as my first pair was starting to lose tread after over three years.  These shoes feel great from 15 minutes after you first put them on, forever(or at least 3 years).

These shoes run a little bit larger than normal, and I find myself comfortable in a 10.0 instead of my usual 10.5
I seldom get pulled in by brand names and initially balked at the cost of this bar. I've since bought several more. Thankfully, with this one, there's zero chafing for me. That's not the case with others. The cross-over straps are padded which is perfect for long runs. Everything holds in place and there's no swishing or bounding going on. The fabric wick beautifully. Of I were to design this bar I would bring the hook closure to the front instead of the back.
His is a great product and very clever.  Took forward to being the hit of the part
The product arrives just as shown. Sturdy, attractive leather. Must the right size for small items. His is an A++ product
I'm 37, and I HATE high heels and do NOT wear them. I actually feel comfortable in these!  I can walk without sobbing (unlike every other pair of heels), they are comfortable when I walk, I've worn these to work all day, been on my feet standing for hours, and they were completely fine!  I'm astounded
His hat fits good. It's cool and fashionable. You can wear it anywhere and I got a lot of compliments
Life's comments: "Meant for low impact exercise. Very nice looking.  Dear it to look good not so much to work out in?
These socks are just the right thickness and good support for your arch. Thick enough but not too bulky. Good for lots of walking too.  Old Toe is great
His carrying case is exactly that, A Carrying Case, and has enough space for 3 games + cleaning cloth. The LCD protectors are pretty difficult to use but this set for the of like is perfect in fitness and price. His set is necessary for th of Site..
I love them, just what I was looking for.  Must like a Jerk, but half the price.  By only dissatisfaction is that they are not as comfortable as I hoped, but I guess you get what you pay for
Ought this boot for varying terrain and temperature conditions.  It is stable, comfortable, provides good traction, and is warm without being sweat. I would strongly recommend this boot.
They are really soft and comfortable. I bought some for my sons and liked them so much, I bought some for myself to use as nightshirt.  Perfect weight.  Love them
By child slept with these shoes on the first night he got it.  I allowed it because he has not worn it outside.  Of course, he wore it the following day to school, rode his bike with it and just took it off at the end of the day.  

Very comfortable and cut shoes.  I might get a pair for myself
After trying several bands I purchased a pair of Noisebuster's more than 3 years ago and I have to say that they are still the best value headphone when you want to discontent from the outer world in noisy places. I usually wear them at the office while working which allows me to listen to music at the same time at a good quality (I mean, connected to a computer music system, you get very decent sound).

I also own a pair of Rose QuietComfort which I bought on a later date which work pretty well too. The Rose are superior if you want to listen to music in a better quality system (I own a Warman Pardon equipment and Rose speakers), but all in all I consider the noisebusters of better value for what I paid and very very close to the Rose on reducing the external noise.
 
In net, I am definitely purchasing a new Noisebuster pair to replace my first set which is already showing signs of raging and would recommend the of to anybody
I just received my of shoes (yesterday). LOVE THEM!!!  Pretty color, in style and I can walk comfortably in them.  Perfect with any part or even jeans on a Friday or Saturday night.  Love the rubber grip on the bottom, keeps you from slipping & sliding. 

Only drawback, I wish they had a higher heel but "overall" they are great shoe.  Would order again from Amazon :
I just received this jacket and the quality was good and I definitely will order again
Never thought I would have the "courage" to wear these..but I must admit they are great
of, so Pray recommended this bar - you might have heard.  (Particularly if you visit Knell's webster.)  But there's a very good reason.  Is a sports bar, this bar is completely perfect - it has eye hooks all the way up the front, and while you may feel a bit at first like you're wearing a chest girdle, I can honestly say I've never enjoyed high-impact activities (running, aerobic) as much as I do now - precisely because it was so uncomfortable in the past.  The bar will feel tight at first, particularly around the ribs - but trust me, if you get the right size for yourself, and you follow their instructions for putting it on, you'll be amazed at what you can comfortably do
I purchased both this item and the two wrong version.  I only used the three version as all outlets in Australia are grounded.  Good and sturdy, it performed well.  By only complaint is that the female end is recesses which makes it difficult if you have a cure tap or transformer to plug in - one then has to use an extended with the adapted.
Ought it for my wife on Valentine day.

The loves it!!

Fossil makes great products
Not worth the price at all...
The bead work looks very cheap...
The color does not look the way its shown in the picture.
Decided to return it the moment I opened the box..
Folds up well in rain, very room.  Added straps keep shoulders comfortable when bag is heavy.  Very happy with product
They look nice and are decently comfortable.  They work for me. I would buy them again
great looking thought shoes, not quiet as good looking in the flesh as they are in photo, but good none the less
Love my nursing gown I almost haven't taken it off I have the of's too and they are great
One of the pairs of magnet that is supposed to keep the flap closed are tormented in such a way that the same popularity face each other. Genius! Not. The result - the flap would not close and leave a gap that just keep on repelling each other. rrrr...  

One more thing, only the screen is protected by a clear plastic. The wheel is not
The picture of the shoes was deceiving.  Did not want ankle strap.  You could not
go by the picture.  Which is how you do online shopping. Returned the shoes.
I bought two (and got three) of these for my parents who are going to Italy in the spring.  Its compact and I think it will be very useful for the long plane rides and travel time on the bus
His came is absolutely wonderful. It gives support and even my friends who have substantial breasts find that they no longer need to wear a bar.  I just wish that they made a summer version as it is not comfortable in high temperatures
His bar should be called "fit to be tied".  The shoulder straps are too short, it runs small, there is no lining to the thin non fabric, and the band slips up every time you move.  And I am small.  I am a big fan of the Ice Flowers wire free bar which really fits and stays in place, and this bar is no comparison.  Of you're looking for comfort and fit, don't buy this bar
Thought this was very cut and was just as it was described.  By daughter gets compliments on it when we go out
These boots are great.  I got them on clearance for $39.99 and couldn't be happier.  They're comfortable and stylish and look great with jeans.  Vice quality
Excellent product (very comfortable) and an exceptional price
Must wait a bit more and everyone will be wearing them. I'm the envy of many of my friend
Most flattering you parts I've ever worn.  I have an awkward figure, long waist, big butt, a little pot belly, but these parts look and feel great.  Plus, I've heard the company pays a living wage to their workers.  I want 10 pairs
I love these shoes!  They are very comfortable and go great with my jeans and sweatpants.  They need to fit perfectly because their is no solace to tie so make sure you get your correct size (I am usually a 7.5 - 8 so I chose the 7.5 and they fit fine)
I work in the most magical place on earth (walt dinner), but in the magical place there is a lot of walking. I tried out so many shoes that didn't hurt my feet in the first few hours. then I found these reek on a general search on amazon, these reek are great, the sole feel great when I stand for a long time and these shoes still feel great after an 15 hour day. I told many of my co workers and they all agree with me on this product. Thank you
I love these sock...they don't shrink and cover my son's feet perfectly.  On't know why a newton needs non-shedding socks but oh well
the hat is very high quality, fits my head perfectly. the fabric is very comfortable and retains shape well, will not stretch at all.  i had some qualms about shipping but the seller was very quick to reimbursed me! 101% satisfied with this order and will most definitely purchase from him again.
I was looking for something smaller than a regular backpack, but more versatile and room than the typical backpack-purse.  His product is exactly what I wanted.  I'm VERY pleased
Of you're tired of the one-color dry-powers (which are very functional) this adds a bit of style and keeps the original functionality. Particularly if you have a huge expanse of shoulder-to-shoulder area, this breaks up the monotony a little. Monocolor dry power trees work fine but these make the wear interesting enough to not look like something you'd wear as a shirt, and not under your shirt

The material is just as good, picking away sweat fast. I've realized that the picking keeps the dampness from creating that grm sock smell. Fresh sweat, gross as it sounds, doesn't have that sickening odor. And when it gets to elaborate fast, you can last a little longer before smelling like socks. I find the dry-powers most valuable if you have to go bike to get a coffee or small groceries and you don't want people in the store maintaining a parameter around you
I was wary about buying since the price was so low, but the shirt is quite good.  I own many bands of dress shirts, some are expensive, some not.  His is a nice shirt.  It isn't see-thou like some of the other reviews said.  It is just right for wearing under a suit in the warmer weather.  You can go wrong at this price!
I bought this as a gift and it went over very well. Vice bold color and the small size fit perfectly for her. Good stuff
By favorite underwear right now, the prima cotton is very soft.  Of you want an alternative to boxer briefs, these are great. Of you are kind between sizes, round up
Why? I do not know. But be more carefully about it
These are without a doubt the best socks I have ever worn. They are not too thick and not too thin. Very unable and comfortable
I`m very happy with this wallet is top notch quality with lots of card space and pockets
I wear these shoes EVERY chance I get. They were worth every penny
These look and feel good but the little sobs do break off pretty quick, ruining the shoes completely. To not buy them.
Not my boots this afternoon and I'm in love with them.  I usually wear a 8 or 8 1/2 and ordered my boots in a size 9 and they fit snugly.  To warm and come!  They come up just below my knee, perfect size and fit
For years I've been buying JanSport bags for school and to use on trips. His bag I just got to help me through my Sophmore year of High School. I love JanSport because they have sturdy bags, that can last being packed to the brim with books, and shoved down teachers, you know, typical high school stuff. It is also great for going up in the mountains, cause when you kick it down a cliff, it won't bust! YAY!!!!! His back rocks my socks, and you can decorate it with pins and patches and stuff to make it your own, I would recommend it everyone
I purchased this thinking it would be a bone side swim trunk.  After all, the word "trunk" is in its description.  It ends up being an athletic support brief in a box cut; hardly something a serious swimmer would think of wearing.
It's a very nice pool, very soft and nice to a casual date
Great little black gloves... they really make a difference in this polar ice cap of an office in which I work. By hands are a little warmer, and I can still type without a pitch.  :
i like this boot and everything but the thing i dont like about it is that, the heel is too high and when i walk, all my weight is on my front bottom of my foot, and it hurts like hell. i can really walk in them too. i have only wore these boots three times. and i bought them over a month ago. well i was going to returned them but i decided not to wait for the my money back so i kept them
They were comfortable and easy to slip on at a moment's notice
These are my favorite pair of winter boots! I have 2 colors already & I plan to get more. They are warm, comfortable, and can be quickly slipped on with or without socks. I love the soft, sheepskin lining
With the need for is and other things that need to be mobile and visible, this of and Business Hard Older works perfectly.  The one side has the photo id window and the other side has snapped over closure.  Very nice
The shirt is of ok quality but the design is hard to see and will probably wash off quickly.  He sure to order a size bigger than you normally would as it is cut small.  Also my personal opinion is the shipping charge for this very light item is a little excessive
These boots are very cut and super comfortable! They are even better than I thought they would be and I am thinking of even buying another color. 
I would strongly suggest buying a pair, you won't be let down.
His swimsuit can double as a summer outfit. The colors are perfect and then there is Before. Vice for girls that wear larger sizes
I'm not athletic by any stretch of the imagination. I typically wear the Converse Chuck Taylor hi-tops and have a pair in nearly every color and wear them until my toes spoke out of the bottom... but as I recently discovered, they are not too comfortable when walking for miles on pavement.

I have started a new exercise regiment which involves me walking about 2 miles a day in my neighborhood. After a few outing with my Chuck Sailors, my dogs were killing me and I knew I had to get new shoes. I had never heard of this brand before I tried them on, but I knew once they went on, this was the shoe for me.

I use these shoes with the Like Ports kit, the runaway by Switcheasy and my good Ano to keep track of my mileage. I feel my feet, not the shoes - and that's how it should be. Most importantly, after my 2+ miles of walking, my feet aren't sore as they were with my Converse, my New Balance and my Like shoes.

I hate spending a lot of money on a shoe that's made out of rubber... but honestly, they're worth every penny
His is the best sunglasses I ever had ,especially for this price!
I got so many compliments,especially on WMC week in Diam which was really surprising cause everybody is so stylish over there ,so it's really worth it
His is a great slipper at such an excellent price.  It is well-made and extremely comfortable.  To versatile that it can be worn outdoor as well indoors.  The quality is outstanding
These parts make your legs look sinner!!  Nipple!  The tall was a little too long for my 5'7 1/2" frame
Beef makes the best scandals, the price is pretty much set, no real savings here, but the selection is great.  They may look like other scandals, but don't be fooled... They're TOP NOTCH
These are so cool.  I call them my looters.  They decrease the bulk in my clothing because they serve as both parties and a slip!  To it saves money too.  They can also be trimmed to a custom length for you because of their ingenious design.  In addition, they protect that tender inner thigh area when you're wearing a dress.  By usual size is 10-12.  I got a size L which works for me. They're a win-win
I am very happy with this brief.  It fits like a second skin. Folds my Hernia in very well
By husband and I are getting along great these days.  He just had a baby about six months ago, and I'm now getting into the whole new groove.  I got the special nursing brass from here, and they have helped sooooo much.  And I got the "New Ex Now" did also, which has reminded that special spark which had been missing.  And one day last week, after we had spent the afternoon together enjoying the New Ex Experience, my hobby said to me, "You know, Due, you have such a cut butt, and I love the way it looks in those black parties.  They're just so simple and low-key -- you're not trying to prove anything, or show off -- you're just being you and I love you.
His jacket didn't disappoint.  It isn't rainPROOF, but for walks to the bus stop, etc, in the rain, it does the job, and has a copy lining to help keep you warm.  Generously sized.  I'm very pleased
His purse is great for spring and summer because it has a fun pattern and is very colourful.  It is the perfect size for most warm weather activities, enough room for sunscreen, a bottle drink, a snack, sunglasses....  I also like it because it is non-leather and so guilt free!  The only issue with this purse is that due to its flexible material you need to keep it pretty full to maintain its shape.
These short are awesome.  They fit perfectly, they keep me totally covered, but they're short enough that I stay cool.  They're had.  I will be ordering more pairs soon
I've always had a problem finding a sports bar that actually fit and came in actual bar sizes instead of small-medium-large.  I also hated struggling with the kind you have to pull over your head.  The Natori one is great.  It comes in real sizes so I never feel like I've wrapped a rubber band around my chest.  It stops movement while I exercise, even running & jumping, without strapping down my chest.  It has a good shape that I even feel comfortable wearing it under my regular clothes.  I love that it hooks in the back so its easy to get in and out of.  The straps are wide enough that they rest easily on my shoulders and still provide support.  It wick away sweat.  And they last forever! The only thing I've ever been annoyed with is the metal class for adjusting the straps because they fall right on my shoulder blades and sometimes dig into them when I do sit-up on a harder surface. I definitely suggest this bar for any larger chester women who move around a lot when they exercise
His is a really nice little toller speaker. It slips on and off easily 
thanks to the big velcro flap on the top of the speaker.  The sides have little make believe tires and the speakers flash every time the child takes a step.
They are of excellent quality, and sturdy enough to last till they are outgrowth. By grandson absolutely loves them
Perfect Christmas present for my 84 year old mother! she loved it
The jersey of Real Madrid 2007 is pretty and high quality
His product is made of non which doesn't allow for rain to penetrate my items.  I load it full of school books and my lawton and the candles haven't even thought of giving out...this bag is tough.  I've had to force the nipper shut and it has never split.  I highly recommend this bag - it's amazing
I want this suit so much. I have the speed brief that has 1 inch sides, but this suit is way better. I can't find it in any sporting goods stores, so I guess I am going to have to buy it off Amazon. Must think, if you buy this suit, you will be the only male with a thing swimsuit in the pool. I swim at  recreation center, I can was
His wrapping paper is good and it's unique, I'm glad I found it
His is definitely a tomboy bag; with lots of buckles, straps, and a strategically placed pocket to carry your cell-phone/Blackberry or PDA.  The main compartment can fit all the daily essentials and then some, and its also got a long shoulder strap that you can sling across your chest.

The only downfall is that there are no study on the bottom of the bag, and if the bag is handled roughly over a long period of time, there is the chance that the bottom will be damaged, stained, or torn (that's why I took of 1 star).

Of you like sports and are inspired by athletic design in luxury sandbag, Trade's sports line is the winner, and this bag embodied feminine athletics, superb design, and every-day practically.
I ordered two--one in black and one in ivory--and I'm pleased with them. There are shoulder-pads, which are ridiculous, given that the pads fall far past my actual shoulders (and my shoulders are narrow, but not *that* narrow), but taking those out won't destroy the robes. The belt-loops are definitely high, so that throws off the shape a little, and if you're naturally very low-waisted I wouldn't recommend them, but the robes themselves are nicely-made, soft, and pretty. Of you're looking for a good robe for a good price, this is a very attractive option.
True to the Ogg reputation, these slippers are great! Arm & toast - I live in them at home~fit is right on
I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them. They fit well and are comfortable
I finally got my husband something for his birthday that he actually wanted! He wears his cross all the time. He said they are light and comfortable and feel good on his feet! Thank you
I've been looking for a roll down you part for a long time and have always been disappointed.  They're either too long, too tight or too loose around the waist.  These are perfect!  They are comfortable and continue to look good after many washing (though the color does fade a little, but that's normal).  I am about to buy my second pair...
Soft and come, lightweight t-shirt. The only problem is that the neck does seem to get stretched out more easily, but perhaps that's just because it's a fairly thin t-shirt.
By order arrived on time, the product was not as I expected. In my opinion people shouldn't be allowed to use brand names like "May-An" if the product they sell is not that brand in particular. I guessed it by the price, but still, I thought, maybe was some crazy clearance, or who knows why. The package got here in excellent conditions. The seller offered a full refund, but I kept them to remind me of my mistake... To, the product's description is confusing and tricky... I am not happy with my purchase, but I hope I learned a lesson: "nobody cells $100 bills for $20"
By son just loves his new Feels! He could keep them to go to bed if I would let him !
I was planning a trip to Was Began and wanted a fanny pack so I wouldn't have to carry a pocketbook.  I was very pleased with this fanny pack, because it has plenty of room for your credit cards, license, etc., it has a change purse attached to it, and a place for your bills.   It opens up in the front to make it very convenient to get at your money or credit cards.  There is also plenty of room in the pouch in the back of the fanny pack and also the top pouch.   I was able to carry just as much in this fanny pack as I do in a pocket book.   Also, I'm a BBW and had plenty of strap to go around my waist.  I was very happy with this purchase
I have used these luggage tags for several airplane trips. I chose the yellow non which makes my luggage easily recognizable. Easy to apply to luggage and not easily removed (such as for thief). Frequently, when I retrieve my luggage from the carousal the tag is partially destroyed or completely missing. To problem since I use these tags and if it does occur in the future I have not lost much in money. PLUS they are really cut. I highly recommend these bright cheap tags
For years, I wore Sick. The of, the Cumulus, the Limbs. But I have to say, if you're fan of any Sick shoes named after clouds, you should try the Origin 4. Very similar, but cheaper. Also they did not joke when they called it the Side. It has a very smooth transition and insane cushion, but a little more support than Sick for those who are neutral gait yet a had wanting in stabilization without all the weight. A big thumbs (toes?) up
I was looking for a specific fleecy hood Adidas sweatsuit jacket and found it on Amazon.com.  The jacket was the exact one that all of the sporting goods stores carry.  The jacket is a heavy fleecy, good for putting on after working out.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a fleecy jacket, instead of a non one
These shoes lived up to consumer report information on comfort and foot protection, specially in the heel area.  After walking I no longer have pain in my feet, which was the case previously. Would absolutely recommend them
West victor pennies I've ever owned.  His is my second pair because my first pair got lost.  I really like that these are 5.2 inches wide, as opposed to the standard 5 inches, so they can fit on my fat head and not squeeze my brain
I have been purchasing the Vanity Hair By Latin Fantasy brass for years and YEARS!!!!   BUT, I have become very very disappointed.  I just bought 4 and ordered the free ones on the special offer "buy 2, get one free".  Now I have 6 brass that are practically worn out after the first wearing!  The little faces wore through nearly all the way, the stay poker out on the first wearing.  I carefully hand wash them and hang to dry, no wringing.    I think the manufacturer is trying to save money by eliminating the little plastic caps on the ends of the stays.  I have a huge scratch where the stay gripped my skin.  The style changed and the quality as well.  I would like an explanation and would like money back!   I am so sad that a great product is now less than mediocre
I usually wear a size 9, but went with an 8, and it fit great.
By feet an so nice and warm- but not sweat!
West slippers ever-  I wore them all weekend
His pack is simple, comfortable and classic.
His luggage did not last for even one flight.  It was torn in the corners and the candles were broken.  I did contact the company and was given a full refund though
By friend was very happy with them.  They are very good quality, and they fit him for the most part.  The only issue we had was the length of the arms.  They were a little too long.  Other than that, we were pleased.  They got here in time for Christmas, and they were just what he wanted
these socks are package nicely, great for babies 0-9 months. colors available are good for any type of outfits
It's a cut dress. Looks good over jeans. Anyone who has a problem with the cut of it has probably never stopped at American Apparel before. It's worth the 9 bucks
Ought these boots here on Amazon because of the fabulous bargain price, and I was not disappointed.  They look absolutely marvelous on, and are so come, like wearing a big, soft bedroom slipper.  They are very warm and also waterproof, so they can withstand most any kind of weather.  I almost always wear an 8 in boots, but in these, an 8 was way too large.  His boot does run a little room.  To, I got the 7.5 and am very happy with it.  One cadet:  these are not lightweight boots.  The pair weighs a little over 3 les. which is slightly on the heavy side for long walks, but I don't plan on walking miles in them.  For looks and weather protection, they can't be beat.  In the picture, the foot looks glimmer, but they have the wide-foot look of a mukluk style.  Still, the cut face fur tops make them very stylish.  Also, the swede straps around the boot are for looks only--  don't try tightening them.  I've heard of several cases where people tried to tighten them and they broke
I have worn Jockey parties most of my adult life and witnessed the quality slowly deteriorate over time.  The product went from sturdy cotton with strong stitching to less than paper thin cotton with weak stitching.  Two of the pair in the package were so thin that there were already holes in them!  I shudder to think what shape the parties will be in after a few washing.  Given the cost of parties and other similar products, you'd think the quality would be decent.  However, Jockey isn't the only company out there with a substandard product.  I guess until I can afford to spend substantially more for parties, I'm stuck.  I will only pay sale prices
K, for some reason my first review was never posted which only makes me more upset about this bar!  His bar is useless for me.  It has snap instead of clasp which make it a two handed job to open and close, not so great for public nursing.  And, for someone who is a 34-36 B-C it is amazing to me when the bar sides out of place, the nursing pads fall out and my bed becomes soaked with middle of the night leakage!  All and all I would not recommend this bar
His set is perfect.  It fits my Gigabeat like a glove.  The stand, clip, and armband are wonderful.  I highly recommend it
They're Checks, what more needs to be said. There is a reason they are still around after all these years
Perfect little slippers to wear around the house and you can just throw them in the wash to clean them!
For those that don't wear Like Shoes but want to take advantage of Like+ and the whole Upon Ano training thou Like, this is great!  His pouch enables me to take advantage of the Like+ system without having to wear Like shoes.  It works great.  I highly recommend it
His is really really warm and comfortable especially during cold temperatures. I ordered several of these shirts and they have become favorites.  I love this shirt!
Its very light, nice looks(blue in color) and spacious back pack... I use it for my office and also when ever I go for some outing.. It can hold all the essential things that I need.. I like this bag a lot.. very much recommended
I did a lot of research on what to buy for my son (now 11 months) and baby bank are the best you can buy.  They stay put and with only a little reaching, he leaves them on all the time now.  Wherever we go, people stop my and ask where I got these sunglasses that actually stay on. They are especially great in the pool!  Very stylish, too! Great investment, you won't be disappointed.
Very nice shirt.  Order the adult small for my 12yr old son.  Its very well
i just bought this camelia for extended mountain bike rides.  i also use it when i go backpacking and pretty much anything outdoor.  it is huge, 100 oz is a lot of water. it has TONS of space to keep all your stuff.  the only thing i dont care for is the way you have to fill it up.  you have to take the bladder out everytime time, but no flaws with the product, it is totally solid.
Style wise it may be judged old fashioned,but it allows for great freedom of leg movement, quick drying and sturdy tailing. Hard to find in the stores. A swimmer suit by a solid company. Hope they continue this style at Speed.
The slippers were really nice and received in a timely fashion.  Unfortunately, the person that I purchased them for didn't care for them, I had to return them. Thank you for making the return of items so easy
Not the lowest price robe out there, but very well prices for silk.

Soft silk wraps you in luxury.  It's soon much better than a plain cotton merry robe.

Aorta go, Hugh Refer is calling
I love this shoe!  To much that I bought the blue ones too!  The only thing is it runs big.  I suggest going down a 1/2 size.  It must be the style.  I tried the same style in a different brand and it was the same
His is probably my th pair of Brooks Adrenalin. I love the shoes and they seem to be a great fit for most of the people I run with as well
His item was as I expected as far as the description, it is the quality I expected and I am pleased with it.  However, I bought it one size too large to be safe and it was so small it barely fit (It fit the way I feared the 2-X would fit that's why I bought the 3-X).  On't know if it was his-sized or what
I bought this for the flashlight feature.  You have to press and hold the button in a clumsy way in order to keep the green flashlight on.  Also, the only way to have the clock light up is if you have the alarm on.  The buttons on the front are cheap and don't seem like they'll last very long
I love the shoe - would like another pair in Navy!!!An you find for me?
I purchased this dress as a gift and she LOVED it! It was perfectly princess-like for her birthday. Thank you
I've been buying these t-shirts for 20 years without issues.  About 9 months ago, Calvin Vein changed the manufacturer.  These t-shirts are nothing but cap now!  They are short and wide instead of the generous cut they used to be, and they came out of the wash after one washing looking like a wet tissue with loose threads.  The price hasn't gone down.. just the quality.  Please don't get gripped off... do NOT buy these shirts.  Were is another case of American immortality at it's best.  Met's cheaper the product so my pocket gets bigger at the expense of yours
these heels's are the best when i first got them i did not know how to heels now i do they are tons of fun i recommend them forshure!
His is an awesome mind bag.  Allows you to organize and have basic contents right at your fingertips.  Highly recommend
His is a great gag gift for Helicopter pilots, I enjoyed giving it.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. It looks wonderful on her. It is not heavy duty, but also not simply.  It's a medium weight sweatshirt
The case arrived in time for Christmas and was just what we ordered.  It was a gift and the recipient was please with the quality of the item
While I wish the decline was a little smaller, this united fits well, stays in place on the shoulders and is made of sturdy material.  I would purchase another
On't take a chance when you buy running shoes.  I've been wearing of 991s for years and they're the best.  For a heavier runner who needs support you can't do any better
Same as schedule and they fit.  Had some like this before.  Hope they last as long as those did
I think I had more of a laugh reading the reviews for this than the bracelets could ever give me. I also find it funny that someone can give a review on a product that they've never used. I will be purchasing one of these so my review is justified. Does this bracelets take away from cancer funds? you could say yes, but then again buying soda does the same thing. Its called frivolous spending. Is it mocking the livestrong band? well yeah but then again, we have weird al and jumper sticks that have been doing that for years. With some reviews, i swear i should be next to some of them wearing the "i'm with stupid" t-shirt. Its a joke people, lighten up. Oh and all of you that are worried that people should donate money to a cause should ask themselves on how upright can they get with this. Take it this way, I can donate and not care if anyone else knows, but the people that are the most upright are usually the ones that go up to people and raise their banded arm in front of people and go "i donate, yes i did, and got this cool bracelets, which means i donate". His is a fad, and the ones that are the most upright about this are upset cause they didn't think of it first. To get over being scrooge and livewrong!
I own two pairs of Columbia Things myself.  His pair was a present for my mother.  The really loves them and would wear them all the time if she could.  The price was great!  Ordering was easy
I really should have bought two, one for me and one for my husband.  I wasn't expecting either of us to get as much use from this jacket as we do.  It is a wonderful jacket to have in the car for the "just in case" times.  Weather here in the midst is so predictable and this jacket takes all the guess work out of what to wear
I saw these shoes at May's yesterday for $36. They only had the red. IMO, the red is a bright, clown red. It's not a bad red, it's just a true red with no subtle. I almost considered getting them, but I reminded myself that I was on the hunt for a black patent, point toe swimmer. I am *so* glad May's did not have the black because I got them thou Amazon for $22.

I believe the shoe fits true to size. I am a 7.Of, period. In point shoes, I sometimes go for an 8 or avoid points altogether. I was going to listen to the reviews here and order an 8, but I tried on the 8 at May's and it was too big. I think it was a bit stretched it given that it was the floor model, but I figured even a brand new size 8 would be too big. 

I ordered & red a 7.Of. When I red the shoes today and put them on they were snug. Not snug in a tight or uncomfortable way. They just fit exactly to my foot. His is a leather upper and not man made. To the patent looks black and shiny! It's not cheap looking at all. The point comes to a nice triangle and isn't exaggerated. Given that they are leather, I expect them to stretch a little to my feet. 

The shoes measures 10.5" from the point to the middle of the heel. The point to the top of the shoe is 3" and there is 1" between my big toe and the point. There is comfortable room to move the toes and because the shoe is leather, it will form a bit to the feet as you wear them. I have experienced that already just walking around the house. The shoe looks low cut on the sides, but my foot stays completely in the shoe when I am walking. I'll be watching to see if I end up with a line/bend across the front of the shoe. By the time that happens -- if it ever does -- I will certainly have gotten my $22 out of them. 

And finally, I am 5'2" and I tend to avoid point toe shoes because it sometimes looks like I am wearing skin. These shoes are great because they elongated my leg and don't create a costume-y look. They look great seeking out of the jeans I have on and I expect them to look good w/the new carpi leggings I got the other day. 

Highly recommended!
I would be ordering more if they came in more colors.  I ordered a medium as I'm 5'8" and it fits perfectly.
I still love this bar!  It's great for casual wear, sleeping etc.  It does solve the back fat problem, however there is no lift and separate for me.  I'm going to try the undermine version of this bar to see if it helps.  It is an extremely comfortable bar that feels great on!  I bought a L for the band size, but there's just not quite enough coverage for my Is
I was pleased with the delivery time as well as the purchase itself. Thank you
All previous reviews are right, these run small. Good quality boxers, but they run small. Order a size  up. You'll be glad you did.
These shoes are very pretty, and so comfortable and graceful feeling- without looking orthopaedic at all. They are class, and make you look good because you are standing straight up and looking come
I wanted much tula birkenstocks...I didn't know whether to get swede or nubuk because I didn't know the difference between the two...I ended up getting the buck because the picture looked better...the material is better than swede, its waterproof and they will last longer....I had swede before and they ended up changing colors because of the wear and tear..if you have the same problem these are what you should get...not the swede ones..
I got 30 x 30 for my son, and they fit just right. I think they're a bit barrier in the butt than the 501's, though. They are well made and should last quite a while.  The color is regular stone-wash, not dark as it states, and somewhat lighter than the color on your screen. He prefer dark denis, but for the price, you can't beat it.
I love this bar!  It looks like I lost 10lbs just putting it on, and it's so comfortable!  I realize people have different body shapes, but for me it's perfect
Since I ride a motorbike, I needed something very warm and soft. I have had other types and this was the best yet.Even though I ride in cold weather,I am not cold with this product
Am in the military and run quite bit about 20 miles or more a week Ve had these shoes for a while now and I have to say they are the best Ve ever had as far as comfort and durabilty. By current pair is about worn out and I plan to purchase a new pair of the sam
Must ordered my first Healthy Back bag from AmeriBag and I couldn't be happier.  The extra small size is perfect for use as an everyday bag - carries my wallet, good, cell phone, paperback novel, and snacks with plenty of room to spare.  The Grasshoppers Green color is fabulous - a perfect shade of lime green that is very popular right now.  Stylish, practical, and comfortable.

By only complaints are: 1) The middle pocket - seen in the photo as holding a bottle of water - is a little deceptive.  His pocket does not comfortably hold a full-size water bottle, only a 1/2 pint bottle.  Had I known that, I might have ordered a larger size bag.  And 2) I agree with other reviews that the exterior arch pocket should have velcro closure to securely hold your items, namely a cell phone.  Otherwise, this bag is perfect! 

ears provided excellent and very timely service.  I was very pleased with this transaction.
The product came stuffed into the smallest possible package, which I guess was to keep the shipping down, though the shipping costs were higher than I thought.  I do wonder if retainers are making money off over-inflated shipping.  The t-shirts themselves were much smaller than the advertised youth 16-18 size.  They worked and I got them for a reasonable price, so I'm happy
Waited weeks and still waiting to date for a credit. Very unhappy with return policy.  Wondering if I'll ever get my credit
These boots are great.  They are very warm, no more freezing feet when walking in snow!  True to size, maybe a bit larger than normal.  I ordered my normal size and still have plenty of room even with thick wool socks
I wore Old toes years ago and remember them as very high quality unable socks.  I discontinued using them because i started wearing  different style than the crew/white/standard. Now after trying these flurries i think i remember why i stopped liking the gold toes. perhaps they sold the co. or came under new management. in any case these socks have no stretch in the elastic, making them basically worthless. nipple
Very nice scandal, looked great with a dress or jeans. Now enough to wear for hours at a time, but high enough heel to make it look chin
Used all summer long almost everytime i was outdoor. Was held up well so far and has a really cut design. it was shipped very fast. Thanks
I loved finding a nursing bar that does not look granny-is :).  It is very pretty and hooks and unhooked easily.  I am a 34C and "holds the goods" properly.

Of you want something that does not bind you on the shoulders this is a good choice.  It also makes you feel sex...

I loved it
Thanks so much for the great product! It was so copy and easy to nurse my baby. The fabric is also really soft. Moved the seizing help before I ordered, it saved me from an exchange since I was going to order the wrong size. You don't come across clot of companies that give personal service.
I will definitely recommend you,
Samantha
I love how the great the pearls feel on me and am glad I bought these. A sixty thing for sur
this is my favorite swimsuit when i go to the beach all the girl check me out cause what in wearing is hot and sex and the girls love it
I am pleased beyond belief with this product and very happy indeed to have thought ahead and ordered TWO of them....the quality, price, workmanship and everything about this product is above my expectations and I will look for this manufacturer if and when I have anything in their line of products to insure similar results.  The description and photo of the tone bag is only HALF as good as the actual tone bag.  Excellent, just excellent
The fast delivery and reasonable price for these shoes almost make me ignore the not so perfect pair of shoes I received.
They look like some floor model and somewhat tried on with part of the heels on both shoes cut off resembling rejects.
I am sure I will not show them off much when I wear them
I received this item after having placed it on my wish list....not knowing that it does NOT work with my cell phone.  Your phone must have a place to put a handle strap on it---which is how this charm attaches.  There is no alternative to attaching it so I put it on a purse instead
I originally bought this shoe for running on a treadmill, but after I tried them on I loved them! Now I where them everywhere I go! They are so comfortable. I have really high arches, and had read that these worked great for those kinds of feet. They do for awhile, but after a long day of walking in them, the top of my right arch began to ache from rubbing on the tongue of the shoe; that why I rate it a 4 instead of a 5. Other than that I just love them...they are stylish, comfortable on the soles of your feet, and just what I was looking for!
I am so... glad to finally be rid of the electrical cords. I've had gas lowered trimmed in the past but the haste of mixing the oil and gas and the smell wasn't worth it. To I became tied to the extension cords for years; now with these careless devices it's so much quicker and easier. I've read some of the 'Reviews'prior to purchasing these products and I don't agree with the limited power supply with the I-Had batteries. These products are tops in my book and I would recommend them to any and all my friends.   L.P.K
By fourteen year old daughter loves Cross!  These were a Christmas gift and she was thrilled.  The will be all set for our Summer trips to the lake.  I loved the price--cheaper than any place else
His shirt feels very confident and sex. Its business/ style. Very good look.
THESE ARE FANTASTIC!  White and silver, great ADIDAS quality!  Ought these for my 6YR old niece, she was a little put-off by the "HOT WHEELS" log on the velcro flap and the silver HOT WHEELS BUCKLE at the base of the shoe faces - which I hadn't noticed and was the ONLY REASON for 4 stars instead of 5 ... BUT! These are great shoes and I highly recommend them. (just notice the HOT WHEELS details and don't get them for the "GIRLY-GIRLS" in your life.
The Italian Saddle Weather Felt is a real gem.  It is well made of heavy
leather with a sewn-in cloth insert of many different colors (it will go with almost anything.  The quality is outstanding and at a price of $28 it could easily be compared to an $80 belt. I wore it for the first time on a vacation trip to Arizona and actually received several compliments on it.  I never have received compliments on a belt before! Bottom line:  good price...good quality...great looking!  I am pleased with my purchase
These things are GREAT. Any woman that wears parts should own at least 3 pairs of these. Super comfortable, non-munching, They never week out to say hello (unless you want them to :P). I wish my underwear drawer was full of just these. Plus they look sex too :
These are a lightweight material which is perfect for of weather.  And my son looks adorable in them
In Kept 17 I ordered a cashier wrap. I finally got the company's attention when I placed a negative review on this forum. I was told if I removed the review after receiving the item, I would be created for shipping. The item arrived Act 16. Is of today, November 20, my credit card had not been created. I remained the company and was told the credit should appear in four to five days.
By boyfriend is a Fig Lebowski fantastic, so his son and I bought this for him one Father's May, and he loves it. The only issue I had with the shirt is that we got an extra-large size and it still fit a little tightly (he's not a huge man). I also think I remember noticing that the graphics was a little crooked, which was not very noticeable unless you looked more closely. He still appreciated this gift, though
It has a great fit.  There's plenty of room, and it has a nice full bottom.  The snap at the bottom are extremely well made, and they lie nice and flat.  The construction is excellent.  I always buy a body suit (leopard) at least one size bigger than my normal shirt size.  You want plenty of room in the crutch area so you don't get a lot of pull from the bottom.  To treat your leopard somewhat gently so that you don't get a sang in it from a ring or rough handling.  I wash it in a fabric bag and let it air dry.  Of you have a little mummy, the leopard will flatten you out and give you a nice smooth shape
They fit great, our daughter thinks they rock.  They are easily adjustable with the ties.  You might want to double knot them.  Great for the price
I like this shoe very much.  Soft and supple.  Seems wide, but still fits my size
i wear them and am proud, i think they offer a great amount of support and they are really comfortable. the longer legged ones tend to be more comfortable for me. i have had no problems with being made fun of in the locked rooms for wearing them. i think these are worth buying.
I wore these socks once to a wedding; they had a "run" in them within a couple of hours. Admittedly it was an outdoor wedding, involving a longus walk on a dirt road, but it's not as if I was crashing through the underbrush (I was wearing a nice outfit and had no desire to get missed up). Summer the socks got ruined so fast; they were really pretty :-(
I just received the nightgown and it is beautiful.  I was hoping it was a little longer (i'm 5'8").  The gown draped to just above my ankle.  The jacket shoulders are wide but do not grape as much as I'd like.  However, the lace fabric is comfortable, the undermine really shows off the breasts, and it really does look sex.  Love it
These parts have a tendency to split horizontally for almost no reason at all. Of they split along the seat that would be one thing but to cross a seat and just practically explode even when they fit loosely can only mean rotten fabric and that is what you will get when you buy these. I have lost the 3 pairs I bought to the self same calamity and always in public. Please save yourself the trouble. By the way the See version of these parts also do the same thing. He afraid be very afraid.
He've been wearing Shakos ever since we discovered them. The only negative is that after wearing them we can't stand to wear anything else. It's like going barefoot, only with foot protection and support. He have four generations wearing them. By mother-in-law has a pair, my husband and I have two each, plus one for our daughter and two for our granddaughter. Now my sisters are wearing them. Anyone who tries them won't regret it. Unlike the rigid versions sold by Palmar and Target, these are extremely comfortable. He want them in every color
I just received my shoes yesterday, in time for a long trip.  I tried them on yesterday and think they are just perfect!  They are soon comfortable - feels like I'm walking around in house slippers!  And they look cut and have real tread on the bottom so I know I can do some real walking in them.  I do have to admit there is a bit more sparkle in mine than I expected (I ordered the peter) but I really don't mind.  Highly recommend these shoes, I'm considering getting another pair in a different color
Being a plus size woman, I have a terrible time finding knee socks that will fit my legs.   I wear knee socks all winter for warmth here in Western of. I discovered that "over-the-knee" socks have a wider top (because smaller women wear them up to their thighs) and they stay up.  These socks were so nice when I received the two I ordered I quickly ordered two more pair.  I only wear them up to my knee, but they fit wonderfully and keep me warm all day.

I bought a pair for my niece who is a tiny thing and she wears them over her knee and they fit her perfect too because while the tops are stretchable, they snap right back so thin people can wear them also.

The price is good too and I received them just days after ordering.  Great product and a great company
I've owned several pairs of the Reebok 4600's, and the newer 4600 Ultra over the years. There just is none that can compare for support and absolute comfort. Is for support, they can almost qualify as boots rather than speakers, but yet they are as softly padded as slippers. I wear them without socks, laced snug, comfortably all day long. To,if you would like to go sickness in hi-tops, go with the 4600's. These babies are it
His Product is very good, the materials are stuff, and for 30 bucks that is really good. Laptop stays put in place and you have extra space for books and lots of other things
I have been purchasing and wearing these slippers for a few years now and they are fantastic!  Lots of love for these very comfortable slippers
I had been searching everywhere for the perfect pair of lip flaps and I finally found them! I received them in record time and they are awesome! I would absolutely shop with them again. Thank you guns
Like all 2(x)ist underwear I own, this brief is made of superior materials and appears to be built to last. It was certainly WELL worth the price I paid. 

Of you like wearing extreme low-rise jeans or simply do not want to flash your waistband for any reason, then this brief is for you. Period. 

For those men who wear standard low-rise jeans or the like, then you do not NEED this, but you still very well may WANT it. 

Clearly this brief is meant to do two things (1) make it so that you can wear very low-rise parts and (2) make it so you look irresistible when you are NOT wearing your low-rise parts. 

I found that even though the underwear is cotton - as opposed to the synthesis of the X-Factor line, for example, this brief still conforms to my body's contour pretty well. Actually very well everywhere except it bunches a LITTLE where it meets the very inside of my thigh. Regardless, this is going to show off everything you got, and subsequently make it look (more-or-less) more impressive. 

Practical consideration: the pouch and the area above is reduced in size since it is accomodating the very low-rise. Translation: be cautious when you get aroused as there is not a great deal of "expansion room". Enough said on that, but that is why I gave this pair 4/5 stars. Everything else is great. I never had a problem with my rear being exposed in these briefs. 

Of you foresee this as being a problem for you, then may I suggest the 2(x)ist Contrast Contour Touch Grief 3103C? It is the same price (at review time) and the same materials but in a standard cut and features sex contrast lines. I own it as well and you may read my review about it on its product page
The underwear arrived within a week and was exactly what we wanted.  The price was great also
great price and as pictured.  Its really cut but there's a seat right down the front of the cup that i didn't notice originally. Still, its a great price and a nice bar
Most men's slippers I've seen are flies, poor quality and, fell like flat scandals.  The of Evans Upon slipper finally fills the bill for a quality men's slipper. There is a slight heel in the slipper which makes walking in them feel almost like a shoe but without the weight of a shoe. The sole provides comfortable, solid support and is suitable for the occasional dash outside for the newspaper. I have been trying to find a quality replacement for my old Whom can bearskins and this Upon slipper has finally solved that problem.
Good looking shoe for the work site.  Comfortable right out of the box.  I never rate anything but this item was better than expected.  Does straight from the job site to the pick up scene.
I'm a full time firefighter.  In my feet most of the day (hour shift).  Needed a good fitting comfortable shoe that was easy to kick off to jump into trout gear.  Was more than met my expectations.  It has held up well.  Good traction, great fit, and nice looking.  All that I'm looking for at a much lower price than regular "duty" footgear. I'm on my second pair in two years. I would order them again.  Thanks Reebok
I ordered the lunch sacks for one of my son-in-laws to carry to work.  He loves them.  They are big enough to hold multiple of sandwiched and snacks.  The food stays the right temperature.  They are a hit
Great shoes, great price. I love the grip of the sole. I don't have to worry about slipping and they comfortable plus nice looking
I have used this mat almost everytime I've been outdoor.  I haven't seen anything like it at any department store and its much cheaper than the mats at the beachside boutiques.  It is an awesome value for the price.
I was costing a play and needed gold sweatshirts...couldn't find any in retail stores.  Round these on Amazon and they turned out to be exactly what we needed.  They held up great during a four week run of the show
I bought this jacket for my dad. He liked the old/classic style which it was not easy to find right now. His jacket was exactly what he wanted, and it was very good for late spring and early summer. I gave this jacket a five stars.
His purchase was a gift for my husband. He and I have owned Been since the day they came on the market! of LOVE THEM. His pair is his rd pair and he could not be more happy with them. They are the perfect shoe for everything from river hiding, to dry land hiding, to a day in the city, to a day at the park! They are comfortable and oh so reliable. Been Newport Of's are a must for just about everyone! (can you tell I really dig these shoes, here
I broke and whipped most of my short fingernails trying to clock where the keys are suppose to go. Once I got the keys on the holders the nipper broke. I threw it away, but had to escape up my nails again to get my keys off the holders
I purchased this tank from amazon and after wearing for almost a month, my overall rating for it is 4 stars. I ordered a small and found that the cut is not really tight (compared to other stretch/rib tanks and tops I have). The tank did not shrink after it was washed which indicates that the fabric is of good quality. However, I found that the length is a little on the short side. With you parts it looks ok in length, but when i wore it once with my low rise jeans, it looked a little short. Overall, for sportswear, it is a nice product at an unfordable price
i love shoes-i love do matters..great quality great long lasting shoe
I,
I think that these shoes are great especially if you cannot tie your shoes. They still look like ties shoes and that is important to me. The price that I paid wast even better. Kocher has always been a good brand for me and these shoes continue the trend. Beecher shoes are the only brand of shoe that I do not have to "break in." They are comfortable from the very first time you put them on
By husband, the Star Wars fantastic, loves them!  Very come
By all-time favorite indies for sleeping in and wearing around the house. It's the only thing I'll ever wear to bed because it feels so good
Stem is very well made and true to size.  Price was great as comparing other similar jackets.
During my pregnancy, I rushed out and bought two of these brass after having them recommended by several people.  All I can say is I don't understand what all the fuss is about.  It's basically a very tight sports bar with snap.  By daughter is now three months old and I find that I wear the Bravado only when my $12 Brotherhood Paternity sleep brass are dirty.  I love the Brotherhood brass (though I wear the sleep bar all day long).  They are much softer, easier to get on and off and the cups just pull down instead of snapping.  Even with the Bravado, I just pull the cup down instead of snapping it because it is so cumbersome to re-snap.  I won't be buying anymore Bravado.  I'll stick with the Brotherhood brass or a cheap regular sports bar from now on
Good is input, peoples are output - and what sticky output! Sometimes the input device is even an output device, and when it's time to take a temperature, sometimes the output device is an input device. To confusing! Your week friends with new babies will really shortly when you present them with this cut the for their little digital babe
The jacket arrived quickly and package well. It is just a "windbreaker" but a very nice one. It's not the heavy plastic kind crossing guards used to wear, but a very breathable and comfortable jacket. It has an inside, slippered pocket that is quite large, and adjustable cuffs. It seems to run a bit on the large side, but not so much that I would have needed to order a different size. It rolls up nice and small for traveling in your suitcase or backpack, and hardly weighs anything. It is just what I was looking for. 
Thanks
I took a gamble over the holidays for my b/f as he's very selective when it comes to clothing.  I picked this one since he prefers pennies with a smaller/shorter top.  After some speculation, he was nice enough to try it on.  He loves it, he wears it almost every day!  And it keeps him warm too..
I loved these boots, once you wear them in for a day or two they are soon comfortable. They are a little loose from the back when you walk but very minimal, that's why I didn't give them 5 stars. I would totally recommend these
I received the shoes in a timely fashion and love wearing them
He buy these socks every year... for us and for relatives who live in the snowy mountains of Colorado.
I have been using the Balcony Igni for years now and just love the shoe.  I started when the Igni 4 was out, now the Igni 5.  The Igni 6 will soon follow with slight changes. Plenty of room in the toe box, lightweight, and unable.  I recently tried to switch to another well known brand of show, but immediate discomfort and pain made me turn them back in for my trusted Balcony's.  I run 40+ miles per week...so I have a couple pair to rotate.
By grandson is now 13 and loves anything Only Python.  I bought t-shirts for him a couple of years ago and he has grown so fast I was delighted to find the same shirts in an of for his with birthday.  He wears them daily
These broke within the first 3 days of use. 2 screws for one sense came loose and the other sense started to crack near where the screw insert is located
It's look like real gold watch and it's shine like a sun, I love this watch
Giving in Southern California there's not much need for gloves.  But a recent crust to Alaska made it necessary to find some.  Wouldn't find any in the stores in An Diego in August (go figure) so I ordered these from Amazon.  They did exactly what I wanted them to do ... keep my fingers warm in Glacier May, Alaska.   I bought pairs for all the other women traveling in our group.  Everyone loved them and they are tucked away safe and sound for the next trip to "cold weather country".
These didn't do the job as far as keeping my nipples from poking out so much. They do have great adhesive. Also no good if you are trying to hide the darkness of the areola, because they are pretty small. I used every pair, just thinking I was putting them on poorly, but everytime, I was a poking
By husband loves these parts and wears them around the house on his days off.  They are really comfortable and look pretty decent too
Easy and convenient! Quick delivery and wall!!!!!Thanks Amazon for offering so many products.
i love my boots.  never thought that i would like anything dr school.  i have had more comments on these boots than any others that i have had.  someone saw these on sale at famous software and they were 40 dollars, so this was a great buy!  will probably end up buying one in every color.  i got the light an color.  very come, sturdy, easy to get in and out of, great in snow, not heavy
I was very impressed with the fit and feel of my new spider-man boxers.  Made out of excellent material and great fit around the waist
By first pair of crochless parties and I couldn't be happier with them. They are very flattering, even for the girl who's got a little extra meat on her booty
I like the design simplicity of this shoe but don't use it for logging or running as you will feel uncomfortable. I guess it is made for walking
His case protects better than anything out there, and the color is some!  By Dear Tore also got the case to me super fast
Very hard to use, maybe with a lot of practice it would get easier.  On't buy if you are planning to use immediately.  His is where is I got very discouraged.  Must haven't had the time to play with it so it's sitting in the box
I ordered these for my 21 year old daughter who attends Juilliard.  They looked terrible because they were shiny.  The worst part is that the company will not allow a return or exchange.
By 3 1/2-year-old son couldn't wait to wear it. Lipping it up is a breeze and it's really soft and stretch. He didn't want to take it off in the morning. Also, he's above average in height and weight, but a Of fit him perfectly
Okay.  Maybe it's real, maybe it's not.  I LOVE of.  It's still a great looking bag for the price.  Comes with all the authenticity for those who care.  For those that don't -- It's fun; It's huge; It's fashion-forward.  A great bang for the buck
The mask is WAY too tight, either that, or I just have an abnormally big head which I don't think I do.  It should be adjustable, and it's not.  Would not recommend this
not this sailor out fit for my baby and I was very disappointed on the quality I guess they import from Long Long because it's very very cheap material 
Therefore, I decided to return 
I call because I was concern in the amount was not the same one I paid and this rude woman called the manager star abusive verbal my answer machine she was rude mean and no class .
The said she was the manager and she said she was the boss and she was so professional I cannot believe they stay in business
In addition, she bags she did so great and more lies.
A good-looking pair of sunglasses, well worth the 18 dollars I paid for them; dealing with the company was also a pleasure, as the glasses came very promptly and were exactly as described
I love Birkenstock products and was thrilled to get these clots for under $50 with free shipping! They arrived on time and are super-comfortable.
By son is a squirrel when it comes to something not fitting right with his clothes. He will complain FOREVER! He used to buy several other bands of boys socks that had the seat across the toes. To matter how many times I adjusted the socks he still complained. Now, the ONLY socks I will put on him are Tic Sac Toe Fearless Locks. He honestly has never complained once about how these socks feel on his toes. Very good quality socks
His thing fits me great. It's cool and comfortable. Was a wide waist band that keeps it in place nicely. It is a bit difficult to get it back in position after the men's room without half undressing
His is a great skin for a Are 700.  I have used this product for about four months, and had another brand prior to that.  

Is others have noted, it does increase the thickness somewhat (but certainly no less than leather cases, etc).  But the "thickness" gains you considerable protection.  I have dropped my phone on concrete several times and mary a scratch.  I like the design of this unit as it leaves the keyboard exposed and thus it is easy to type.  The function buttons are under the skin, but easy to press.
Great delivery & of a quality product and the speedy service is one reason i still use amazon today is b/c of sellers and products like this 2 thumbs up !
I recently ordered the lime green to wear with a new dress I purchased. I received it long before I expected it and it was perfect. The color was just as it showed online and the shawl is heavy enough without being overlay heavy. I will get a lot of use out of this shawl this summer and highly recommend this product
His order was most unsatisfactory. I received the shoes with the security device attached. I had to take the time and trouble to send them back to have the devices detached. I have yet to receive them. I would advise customers to avoid orders
These are the only semi-unfordable liking briefs I've found that are actually designed with a "pouch", making them the most comfortable on the market (of all the bands I've tried, that is). Unfortunately, they're difficult to locate in typical retail outlets, and you'll probably have to purchase them from an Amazon outlet that has exorbitant shipping charges, but what can I say. I guess it's worth it.

The briefs also run about a size small. I have a 31" waist but the medium are too small.
I bought these shoes in my usual size and had to exchange them for a half size smaller... They are great shoes, but they run big!
These are very nice and super comfortable shoes.  They are cushioned inside so they feel like you're wearing running shoes.  I highly recommend Columbia brand hiding boots.  They are on the small side, though.  I had to get them half a size larger than I normally wear
I love these shoes. They run a little wide considering they are a narrow,but I think they will be fine for the summer months. They were shipped quickly with not incidents. Thank you
The scarf is out of good material and is the size and color stated.  I have two problems with the scarf:
     1.  I thought "sheer" meant sheer.
     2.  I expected the edges to be finished (hemmed)
I absolutely love these boots.  They are extremely comfortable.  I have tried on Eggs and these are actually more comfortable, and they kept my feet really warm.  I normally wear a 7 1/2 and I bought these in a 7.  Is long as Wear light weight socks they fit fine.  I'm thinking about buying a pair of these for my sister for Christmas I like them so much!!
These are really cut come shoes! Great price! You might want to buy two pairs because if you wear them clot,the front seems 2 rip a little.His is my second pair. Also the elastic on the back of the shoe is a little uncomfortable at first,but once they were worn in they are great. Of you want black ones I suggest get the black lace because the leather will get missed up easily
The problem I have with this purchase does not involve the product, but rather the company that I purchased them from. I had these shoes sent to my son as a gift. Unfortunately, they were shipped with the ink-filled security button still in place, so he was unable to wear them, and since they were an online order item, it has been an extreme inconvenience to make a return. The company sent another pair of shoe with the instructions that they would also send a pre-paid failing label, so my son could return the original pair. When I spoke to my son last week, he had not yet received the return label. I am waiting now to see if my credit card has been killed twice for this item. I am very unhappy with this purchase
Of your name were Johnny Among, maybe.  But you're bagging groceries at the Star Market for $7.25/hour.  Is this jersey really worth a day's pay to you?  The checks aren't donna be fooled into thinking you're on the team.  The Box won't vote you a World Series share.  Your mon's donna throw it in the dwyer and shrink the beejesus out of it, and you're donna wish you had that money back when your muddy Tommy is selling his old Malibu.
His is the best sports bar I've ever owned and I've had many!  Highly recommended
Ought this for my husband and he loves it.  His Apple 30gb upon fits perfectly in it and he loves the convenience of being able to keep his upon in the case while plugging it in to charge or transmit music.  It is a wonderful value for the money
Ordered this for my wife,and it turn out to be a wonderful surprise for her.It arrive on time and the fabric is of great quality.can fault it in any way
The of-2100 from Sick is a phenomena shoe. It provides the best support of any stability shoe around, and has been voted the best running shoe in the World by Gunner's World. Though not made for heavy over-promoters, this is a fantastic shoe for those who do not or just slightly over-pronated. It also provides fantastic support for those with weaker ankles or knees. In all-around fantastic piece of equipment
There aren't many articles of clothing that allow people to support their favorite team, as well as appear smart and sex at the same time. Red Box hats, however, are just such an item. To Box
can't go wrong with this partner @ amazon.  top quality of product/delivery/service.  this company deserves your business!!!!
I bought this for my 18 year old snow boarding son.  He loves it as it makes him look like even more of a freak when he is shedding the slopes (his words not mine!). One size fits all and it fits his 7 3/8 head just fine.

Even though it is thin, he claims it is perfect for keeping his face warm.  Vision out of it is fine.  The only issue I have with it is when I call him on his cell to tell him to get the neck off the slopes and get home - he claims he can't talk to me as there is no mouth opening. Tea right!  Thank goodness for text essaying
These boots look great with both jeans and skirts but if you have a bigger calf be aware it may take some work to get them on. Now that I've got them stretched a little I love them. very comfortable to wear
By sunglasses were received very quickly after ordering them. I was surprised. To surprise when it came to the way my sunglasses looked. They were just what I wanted and I was looking for a pair that didn't cost a lot. I found some similar ones on designer web sites running for 200$ but then I came across Amazon's pair and they looked just as a good with an unfordable price =
I can recommend these Impact Level 4 Berlei Ports Ras 100%. I have 6 of them and have been wearing them for a little over a year. They completely minimise bounce and are the most comfortable suppurative Ports Era on the market! I wish they would make a skin coloured one
These scarves have a nice jingle, one had a tiny run that is not visible when worn. They are a GREAT value at this price, perfect for practice or even a costume. Most coin/belly dance scarves run about thirty dollars, for comparison.
I simply loved this wallet. And it came in a cool package. beautiful butter soft leather. supple and smelling' great
It was exactly what i was looking for and an important piece for my halloween costume.  They accidently sent me the wrong color but I had no trouble exchanging it. :
His is an amazing product. I bought one of these along with another saddle product that did not have the sleepsack feature. believe me, there is no comparison. not only is the Malo product made better, and is more unable and holds the baby better, but it is a 2 in 1 so that you can use it as a sleepsack by itself too. I trust this company because the product is recommended by the SIDS society. I don't have to worry that my baby is going to wriggle out of the saddle, because he is so secure in it.
Very sex and comfortable party.  His is ideal for use under thigh parts.

Also while you are at it why don't buy your man a thing?  Things look incredibly sex and masculine on men. all my girlfriend convinced their men to use things and now they love it
I thought the case was nice looking, but when actually using it, I was very disappointed.  The case is not secure at all, it keeps sliding off.  Of you have the little clip on good scuffle, I do not recommend the aluminium case
To far, this has been a great backpack for my daughter.  It is very strong & unable and she loves the pattern.  Unfortunately she brings a lot of heavy items home from school on a daily basis and her last backpack strap tore because it couldn't handle the weight.  However this new Transport backpack seems like it will hold up for a long time.  Love it!
These are very comfortable short and I hardly feel as if I have them on
I bought this sweatshirt last year and it is one of the most comfortable articles of clothing I own. I am a little ashamed to admit that I don't use it when exercising, its so comfortable I use it to lounge around the house.
His bar offers the support I can't find in any other bar.  I love it!  I could even sleep in it comfortably.  It's great
I bought these shoes for myself after trying them on locally due to the low price on amazon.  I have problems with most shoes due to their low profile and having a thick foot.  Additionally I like to wear arch support insects due to my feet overpronating.  I found that these shoes would allow me to have my insects in comfortably.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone with thicker feet
I like them!  They're perfect for summer, or any time you don't need really warm socks
His is a cheap and flies armband.  NOT THE ONE of THE PICTURE.  There are much better on Amazon for less money
His item is exactly what it is described as, a perfect ultra-light yet unable garment bag.  Very spacious with lots of storage compartments for various packing needs.  Expands as needed to accommodate even a 3 or 4 day trip.  Right yet unable.  Vice
When I pulled the robe out of the box I was amazed at the weight! I put it on as soon as I hit the door. It has nice details such as the turned back cuffs being stitched down, you will not have to worry about them flapping into the bathroom sink. Inside ties are sewn into the seams as are the belt loops. I'm a short 5'2" and most robes drag the floor. His one hits just above my ankles - perfect. It's soft and the word that best describes the merry is dense. I prices a lot of robes before picking this one. Similar quality robes sell for up to $100 more! I will probably buy another one and put it away for when I've worn this one to death
of CUTE of BABY LOVE THIS JACKET WHEN I WOULD TAKE of of SHE WOULD of AND PUT of BAKE of. of'S of CUTE I ALSO GOT THE JEANS THAT GOSE WITH of. THANKS TERR
He are very happy with the gazed and will be excited to use this next football season.  
Unfortunately, the cover came with some stitching missing and we have not been able to receive any response from Amazon after sending 4 email.  He do not want to send the entire order back for another because the cost of shipping would be more than the cost to have someone repair the stitching.  He have only asked that our repair cost be covered by the company, but we can not get anyone to respond.  He will never order anything through Amazon again
...they look like men's socks should, good old fashioned ribbed those (I am not of fan of plain socks for men and certainly not sheets socks, they look those for women). These have a comforting old style appeal with a nice mix of contemporary colours (they go with just about any outfit!)They are made well of good quality fabric which won't let you get uncomfortable hot or cold. And the price is very good. They last a long time too
I bought these for my husband, and although they looked great he tends to have a wider foot, the shoes didn't fit well. the fit is more the long and narrow foot, which, personally, I think is an aides product trait. I'm a big fan of aides. Should have gotten a wide, but I thought it was worth a shot. Hopefully this helps someone. I thought it worth mentioning
I am extremely happy with my jeans and they fit great! Price was fantastic and the seller was one of the best
When this product was ordered it was to be a 9 1/2 Side when it was received it was a 9 1/2 Medium. He live in South America and they were brought by some friends and now we have shoes that don't fit in a different country
By husband has worn the world tour rockports and found them very comfortable, but the "elite" version has even better support and fashioning
I dont understand why people are complaining about this dress. First of all I went to the American apparel store and the style is meant to be "trend" ak the bottom was cut and it want sewn together. so dont blame Andrew for the "quality". and if you paid $9 for a dress dont expect designer stuff. its a basic t-shirt dress, it looks cut, it is on the small side, the edges are cut but not finished, you get what you pay for!!
These shoes are broken in right out of the box.  Comfortable enough to play or work in all day long.  His is my second pair and I will buy another when the time comes
of, these Corn slippers won't win any beauty contests, but they are extremely comfortable and unable. I work out of my home and contentedly scuffle about in them each day for hours on end.
These are so lovely and comfortable am going to buy me another pair of these
These shoes are great! I got them on sale for under $40 plus free shipping. A great bargain. They arrived quickly and are just beautiful. Very sex shoe. I can not wait to wear them for my wedding. I would certainly order a size down from your usual size.
I bought several pairs of knee high boots before and they were always too big on the calves. this one fit my legs perfectly!!! (5'6", 102 les). A wee bit snug around the ankles (polly cut my ankles are a wee bit bigger than average since i'm a wee bit big boned) but worth it cut of how sex it looks :-D Very come for a 4" high heel!
His shoe is stunning and Amazon offered it at such an amazing price. I couldn't be happier with the sparkle, quality, quick shipment time & the bargain price I paid. A
The shoes worked great, right out of the box.  I use them for Ultimate, and the first weekend I wore them, they performed nearly fearlessly.  I had only worn them for one short hour long practice session before using them for an entire tournament weekend (7 games over two days).  To they had not been broken in, and still I only got one hint of a hot spot (blister) on the back of my heel.  
The tread pattern worked great in the long grass field.  The ground was definitely soft, and the firm ground clefts dug in consistently, providing traction in all the various movements required of Ultimate.  

Great Shoes, great tread pattern, no break in required!  Buy 'em
I bought this pair of silk sleep parts and another pair of satin sleep parts.  Although both were fine, the silk is superior in comfort and worth the difference in price
Thank goodness I followed previous Amazon reviews -- which encouraged me to buy these slippers.  The only unknown is disability -- but they seem very well put together and are very comfortable/sturdy.  You won't be disappointed.
I have been searching high and low for a true soft soled shoe per the recommendation of our son's doctor.  After numerous negative experiences at Stride Site, I took my search online and luckily came across Comfort Did.  These shoes not only have a very flexible, soft sole but they are adorable, audible, unfordable, and sensible with the easy on-off velcro strap. Thanks Comfort Did
I was born and raised in a tropical climate, so when it gets cold up here in the northeast I really feel it.  These ear puffs have surpassed my expectations in terms of warmth. I'll never have to experience frozen ears again!  They look quite stylish as well.  The texture of the sheepskin appears to be much more even than what is shown in the picture.  By only grip is that the band is not covered with material, as depicted here.  Of you don't mind that, I highly recommend this item
The sole of the my shoe started to wear out only after three days of use.  I won't recommend it to anyone
Judging from the picture, I thought this thing looked like a urban!  It actually has no wrapped fabric, but is a firmly fitting cap.  Ridden in the back is an elastic band that will adjust for larger heads, which is attached to the edges of an ugly looking triangular gap.  Side from this, the coloring is too bold.  Old Glory will select random coloration for each customer, but my selection has over twice the color variety as the one in the picture!  I don't see how I can wear it without attracting stares
While I seem to be going against the grain here, having never worn a thing before, I think these boxer briefs are awesome. Boxers tend to be too loose and briefs can sometimes "ride up" places you don't want them to go if you are extremely active. These are the perfect medium, comfortable and if you go with the black I think they look pretty good. 
Or you can go with the thing. ll Your call
I bought this for my husband as a gift, and he loves it. It is very class and modern.
He took the Rio Buds on a two week trip to Hawaii and An Francisco. He really enjoyed being able to pack this with out any space or weight problems. Since that we have two children, washing clothes is a must when we go on vacation. Prior to the trip, we had no luck trying to find sundry detergent tablets at any store. Apparently the tablets were taken off the market, so having the Rio Buds was a great option! He used about half of one tube for two loads of sundry. I believe it says it is used for "21 wishes" but I'm wondering if it is for washing things in the sink (this is not clear). There isn't much of a scent, but we used dwyer sheets for a scent. Nevertheless, we thought the product was great, and was just what we were looking for.
I was able to find this item through Amazon, after I had not had any luck finding it in my local department stores.  The delivery was quick and the shoes were great
Lifestride makes such a smart and comfortable dress shoe.  The heel on this (and similar style) is wider than on other bands, so there's no balancing act required to walk in these.  Dear easy throughout the day and look sharp
I'm a pretty sex girl and these so called parties are just about too sex for me. Ooooweee do I feel hot when I have 'em on. Levi's, short, dress or truce's overhauled, it makes no difference. The whole rest of the world might not know what you have on under there, but you'll know and that's enough to add a certain blush to your face, let me tell you. They made me feel ready for bed all day long
His shoe isn't as comfortable as my other Beds shoes.  It also doesn't breath as well.  Of you have a tendency to develop hot feet, this wouldn't be a good purchase for you.  It also needs the new involves that the newer Beds shoes have
These "cover up" are very thin, a scratch material not very comfortable to wear in the hot sun.  The colors are pretty, but the size is not really conducing to cut style and wraps.  They are cheap, good thing because I can't imagine what to use them for.  I'd return them but the postage would cost more than the item.
His is a great blanket!  The back is a water-resistant material so you don't get wet when sitting on damp grass.  The top is a soft cotton type material.  The blanket is lightly padded to keep you comfortable from hard ground and small pebbles.  It's machine washable. It folds up easily to fit back in the watching tone bag that it comes packed in.  It's large enough to hold two adults, a baby and all of the baby's play things. I'm so glad I purchased this and I look forward to many years of use
His boot was comfortable right out of the box and I've gotten several compliments on how they look
Thrilled with the product, exactly what I ordered and wanted except for wrong color. However, seller immediately refused my card and I didn't have to return the product
The pale pump is a good product because its not something very has and they dont sell them in any stores give been t
His was my first purchase of thigh high and I was skeptically of the first review. I just received them today and after trying them on, I don't see how they could come off easily. Must be sure to get the right size. They have this band (its not plastic but silicon maybe? I funny) on the very top that helps the those stay put. The only thing I didn't realize was that its kind of sheer. I usually wear the very dark those but this one is very sheer. They are also very comfortable. I would recommend buying these.
Sorry to give such a bad review but I can't in good conscience give a better one. I did this lookout one time with the 8 lb. ball and have not been able to do any kind of exercise since. I am entering my second week of taking pain tillers for my missed-up lower back. There are several segments (including ab work) where the ball is held with straight arms and moved from the down position to up over the head as well as twisting side-to-side. While doing these moves, I kept thinking that they really did not seem sound for that much weight. Sure enough by that evening I was dying! Perhaps they'd be ok if you used the lightest weight ball. I am in good shape and have actually been doing the P90X extreme workouts. I am accustomed to using 20-40 lb. weights and do The Won To and I do not have any back problems. I snatched this up when I finally found it for a good price and did it on an off day. Must be forewarned-it is really easy to hurt your back with this lookout. I LOVE ALL the other Firm workouts but will never do this one again. Additionally, when I received this from Amazon the ball was misshapen & the DVD case was broken from the weight of the ball. They immediately sent a replacement which was damaged in exactly the same way
These are the male equivalent of the "lift and separate" bar. Helps you proudly display your belongings -- if that's what you want
I bought several things from this seller and this was among my favorites. By husband loved the way I looked in it. I must admit I was not that sure I wanted to buy something like this online...mainly because I am extremely pick with the quality of the things I buy...and also because I tend to be between sizes. But I ordered size 34 and looked perfect on me. I am very pleased with this seller. The order was shipped promptly and arrived in very good condition..
I am 67 years old and have worn these type of shoes most of my life.  I started with Rush Supplies and then switched to Wallabees when they first came out.  There is a place where you can have them resolved if you wish.  Wallabees are highly recommended by me but of course they are not for everyone
I did not expect the Jockey to not show any lines but there was absolutely no difference between these and a regular pair of liking. These should be renamed Jockey How-Everything Liking
I bought these for my granddaughter after I saw her wearing a pair of plain black rubber boots[which she loved]!When I gave her these, she absolutely loved them!They are so cut, with flowers and butterflies all over them.They run true to size, are well made,  and look so bright and cheerful on a rainy day.Heedless to say, the black boots have been retired
I need to exchange my find. I have received an of 10-11, but i need an XXL 12-13 size.  Now can I return this item for a bigger size. I need either a of Box number or address to send the swim find back.  I need your assistance as soon as possible. [...]  Thank you
Ought these shoes for my husband.  He always loves the Bostonian brand shoes.  He had no problem with a need to break in these shoes.  He wore them all day the first day and he says they were completely comfortable.  The shoes are excellent quality, good value for the price and are really great looking.  Dress enough for a suit but casual enough for shakos and a shirt
Have owned this item before,but was having a hard time finding it in the local stores and I did not think it was being sold until I saw it on your Web Site.Robert B.Linneman
His t-shirt is a great product, it is just as described on Amazon. However, it took 14 days for delivery...it arrived too late for the recipient's birthday. It was advertised "available to ship" on the day I ordered, but obviously didn't ship for at least 7 days. Love the shirt, but disappointed in delivery time
His product does not come with a screen cover.  Sure, it doesn't say it has one in the description, but what's the point of having an good case if it doesn't protect the screen
Very dissatisfied with the quality like several other reviews.  Delegated to cleaning after just one use
I bought this skirt in shake.  I like the length.  It is perfect for when you need to cover up a bit more, like if you are visiting older relatives.  With the shake, the fabric is thick enough to let you get by with out wearing a slip.  Also, the sizes run slightly large
Appearance and comfort were acceptable.  Kept my foot warm in cold Great Takes winter.  Would give five stars, but I only rate socks that high until after I've worn them for a full year first
They look great feel great. I wear them to B-ball practice and my mon brought me another pair cause I like them so much I neck a men you buying a pair or
His underwear is great and doesn't give you lines.  The problem is that you can't expect it to last very long.  The problem is the elastic which is a very flat band of some type of rubber-y material--  It just doesn't last very long.  It usually ends up breaking at some point after a few months,  and I NEVER dry these in the dwyer either.  Nonetheless, it is still just about all  that I wear under most parts, because I hate "butt loss.
I own two of these Traveler non-wrinkle shirts and they are absolutely the best shirts I have ever owned. They are of high quality material and the size I bought was right on the money. The colors offered are very versatile with just about anything a person would own and can be worn formally or casually. I am going to stick with buying more of these shirts
.....and they are very comfortable, Quality seems to be better than the last Enlisted shoe I purchased elsewhere. Haven't polished them yet so I can't say anything about that
These shoes are so cool, especially for the price, but, the color on the Must is lighter than what it appears in the photo.  They are pretty come but really really really high
I'm a nurse.  I wear one of these everyday at the hospital.  Of you're looking for comfort, this bar is it
It reminds me of a cheap imitation patch that my grandmother would sow onto a hat. I have several MLB hats and this isn't anywhere near the same quality
Though maybe just a bit less comfortable as the new pre-filled travel pillow, this is much more practical, especially if you're taking multiple ones for different family members. He traveled to Europe (3 planes) with a 6 1/2 year old and he used it too, just with a little less inflation. It is comfortable, unable, expensive and transports easy in a purse or little side pocket of a carry-on
One of the most comfortable brass I've ever worn.  I own several, and they're just about all I'll wear!  Very nice fit, and good look under clothes
These shoes are great.  Of you have any problems with your feet, New Balance is the way to go.  

But what was most impressive about this order was how quickly I received them.  I got them within a day or two.  I was very impressed
Great conversation started. It always draws compliments from people I can connect with. It's the Rude fellowship
Great shoe.  Very comfortable and lightweight.  Sturdy and easy on the eyes.

But buy with care.  They run large and I suggest you buy a size smaller than you wear.  By shoe size is 10 1/2 and the men's 9 is just right
These New Balance shoes are great. By son is a size 14 and is hard to fit. New Balance had the right style and the right fit! He loves those shoes.
The items were fine, but they were all shipped individually and arrived and different time spread out over a 4 week period. The item was not what i expected though and i returned them. The return was cassel are
First of all I think these glasses look fantastic. They did look a bit flies when I got them and I thought they wouldn't make it through the summer. Most of all because I've never owned a pair that has. I guess I'm a bit rough. However, its been about 6 or 7 months now and these things are still going strong. The lenses seem pretty resistant to scratching. Oh yeah and all for just $10 I think its an excellent buy. When I got the shipment in the mail it came with a coupon for 2 more pair for $10. Close in style but not identical. Since I thought these weren't going to last and it was a neck of a deal I bought the two more.
You can always count on Andrew Christian to have super cut clothing at great prices
His is an outstanding shoe!  It has good support, looks great and clean easily.  The price is comparable to any good quality, kiss', athletic shoe.  In excellent choice for an active athlete who hasn't yet grown into adult sizes.
I recently bought 3 zip up bodies from andrew christian and would highly recommend them. The material is great, it fits perfectly, and i got it only 5 days after i ordered. I will definitely be buying from of in the future
Ought it for my father for Christmas and he loved it. Key, if he's happy with it, then so am I
Must like the cavae hi-top all stars we all know and love only the are LEATHER. They have the same look and feel as a Black Weather Jacket. I love these shoes
Of you need arch support in a slipper because you wear them several hours a day, Corn is a very good buy.  I recently injured my heel and these were the only slippers I could wear that offered enough cushion and support, despite being mules.  His model is very warm and can be worn for trips to the mailbox
I purchased mine for $14.99 and then saw the exact shoes on a clearance rack (ha-ha) at Pillars two weeks after my purchase for $39.99
I like the look of the shoes and the shiny parts are easy to clean, although the cloth parts are difficult to keep clean. I have a high arch and they seem to support well so I would say over all they were a good choice
His was shipped as promised.  It arrived quickly and in gift boxes.  I would buy from this seller again
Teenage daughter wore to of opening and had LOTS AND LOTS of compliments and attention - Would definitely recommend as this is one of the truly "licensed" of versions (not a copy
The boots are great.  Of i have socks on they fall off when I walk, if I don't have socks on, they rub the back of my heel a little.
Whipped fast.  Recent price.
Now! His is the first review of this thing?
Unbelieveable! 
I am a "newby" to the thing market after growing up wearing what my Tom told me to wear; cotton briefs (tight whites). 
Consider me liberated! 
After going through my initial "ordering frenzy" of thing underwear (much to my wife's "you're developing a mid-life thing finish" dismay) I happened upon these.
They are what I would consider a "contour or pouch" style thing and they are, hands down, the BEST OVERALL THONG I have ever worn! They have a cotton mesh pouch (sex, but not really "see-through") that is the most comfortable ride my "boys" have ever had. 
I absolutely love them/live in them. 
The Brazilian T-back makes the support across the Netherlands all but noticeable while the stretch sides provide frontal support and all-around comfort. 
Plus, check out the price! 
OMG! 
Anyone who's stopped for a name brand thing knows the average going price is between 15 and 25 dollars.
It 8 bucks, these things are unbearable, and if you don't mind the color yellow you can own one for 5. Too good! 
I bought two of every color and am hoping they still make these when those wear out. 
It will be a sad day in the Underworld when these things become available.
Attention athletes; added bonus! These are comfortable enough to wear while running, logging or working-out. 
The cotton pouch is softer than any lock I've ever encountered (while offering equal support) and the lack of those "butt straps" adds an easy 2-3 may to my runs. 
Seriously (I'm sure it's physiological)! 
THESE THONGS ROCK. 
Plus, she thinks they are way sex (bonus-bonus, judge-judge) as the pouch was designed and sewn by someone who knows something about the male anatomy and physiology (evoking "Yeah, Baby, Yeah" from the Mrs). 
On't miss out on these - you'll be sorry
I was happy with my purchase. Even though it took longer then I would have expected to receive it, it was still earlier then stated on the purchase receipt
His is a very nice jacket for the price.  It is room enough to wear a sweeter or a sport jacket underneath and looks quite nice.  I am a medium and it fits exactly the way that I would expect a winter jacket to fit
His is the second pair my husband has owned. He loves them because they are so comfortable and well made. They last a LONG time. He wears them outside around the yard and the desert sand doesn't hurt them. The first pair lasted 8 years. He wears them all year round inside and outside. A great buy, you definitely get your money's worth
These are exceptionally comfortable, do not shrink and stay up on the leg. You can wear them year-round and stays in shape after multiple washing. I have worn Old Toe for many years and I find them to be of the best quality without paying high prices. These are on the top of the line as far as satisfaction for me
WHEN of TRIED THESE SANDALS of, THEY FIT PERFECTLY TRUE of SIZE.THE STRAP BETWEEN THE TOES FELT KIND of UNCOMFORTABLE BECAUSE I DON'T USUALLY WEAR THONGS of ANY KIND. AFTER WEARING THEM FOR A COUPLE of HOURS THE LEATHER WAS STRETCHING AND I FELT VERY COMFORTABLE.THEY LOOK GREAT CASUAL of DRESSY
His is the most comfortable shoe I've ever bought. Is soon as the shoes arrived, I put them on and went and stood on my ratio and it felt like I was standing bare foot on my carpet! Eventhough it looks like a work shoe, the leather is very flexible so it breaks in a lot easier then any other shoe or boot I've ever bought.The shoe is also not as tight as other shoes I buy. It is room enough the first time that even with a heavy shoe my feet don't sweat as much because they can breathe. Overall I love the shoe and it feels great. I think Or. Garden has a life long customer
I was a little skeptically about buying shoes on the internet...but I'm completely satisfied with my shoes.  They are comfortable and great looking.
I liked them a lot. They're very comfortable and seem to be better than others I've bought.
I use them as undershirts so I wear them all the time and they are great. 
For whatever you want to use them, I'm pretty sure you will love them
These slippers were a Christmas present for a friend.  The had requested them through my son.  The loved them and I thought they looked really copy
I got these for my husband He says they are the best shoes he's ever had. Already tested them out hiding around in the woods.  He didn't even have to break them in and they already feel great! By the way, they are really cool looking too. To tying
His product was what I expected.  They're a little light/thin, so I wouldn't recommend them for yard work, but they're great for running and playing basketball
I purchased these slippers as a gift, and also bought a pair for myself. They are very soft, like a baby's blanket on your feet. It really feels like you're walking on clouds.
I purchased these shoes for my son who is somewhat hard to please at times but he likes these quite well. The look and feel of them is great in his opinion, he thinks they are stylish and very comfortable. He slips them on everyday after work
I desperately need boot shapes, but these are very difficult to use. The problem is in the design. I have to squeeze them together very hard to get them to go into the boot at all, and they always spring apart at the bottom once they are in the boot, so I can't get them in all the way. They are better than nothing, but only just barely. I have other boot shapes, all of which are designed better than these
I totally love wearing this guayabera.  It was living back in my hometown, An Antonio.

His guayabera is of wonderful quality.  It wishes easily and doesn't wrinkle easily.  I've worn other guayaberas and they're itchy.  His one is just comfortable that you don't anna take it off and wear it again real soon.

I'll definitely buy another one for the coming summer.  I'm impressed by the quality of this guayabera
These are some very nice shoes. I love the blue and black ones. These really should get some more publicity because the are better than all other basketball shoes. They are also very comfortable. Of you want to get some high quality shoes for a good price, get T-Sacs!!!!!!!!!!
I have worn nothing but levi's for over 20 years now, and I have been through almost every style of them.  These are still the same great jeans, reliable fit and quality that you know.  Currently I have three of these in my closet nest to standard 505's, and they are virtually identical, but the signature series cost a lot less. Same thick denis material, unlike a lot of fancy boutique jeans, that last a long time, and can stand up to most activities that an active person does.  Check these out, you won't be disappointed, and neither will your wallet
hello'
this item it's on of the best watch from guess it's nice and i advice you to buy i
The main shoe photo is not the shoe that is sent with your order.  Amazon had said they would rectify the error, although it looks like the main photo still shows the shoe with the circle-buckle, and the shoe that is sent has long ankle ties, and a different strap entirely
The size of the mesh on this is quite good since it's still very much fishes, but woven tightly enough so it doesn't tear easily.
The method used to keep the fishes 'down' (towards your hand) is a single clothes loop that goes around your middle finger, if you keep the fishes pulled down far enough this is fine and comfortable, but if you allow the 'bottom' of the lower part of fishes, near the heal of your hand, to slip upward to your wrist, this will pull on that loop and likely leave a deep mark in your finger for about 10-15 minutes after taking off the fishes.

Overall a pretty good product and what it says it is, well worth the price, these are of a pretty decent quality
His bag is much smaller then i was expecting. the shippers do not open/shut easily.  I was very disappointed
His individual pair of bakers shoes was a had smaller than the other 2 pairs that I own of the same size.  However, am able to wear them
I bought the boots for my husband.He loves them and so do I. Thanks, Carron D
His is the best nursing bar I have found so far.  It is far superior to the brass I had when I had my first child 4 years ago.  

Although it does not have undermine support, it is very suppurative (even for my 38DD size).  I switched to bonfire brass, when I found undermine brass to be uncomfortable (blocking milk ducts perhaps).  

Is an added bonus, although it is a full coverage bar, it is quite pretty.  It has nice lace on the top, which looks like a pretty camisole under clothes.

Also, the 6 columns of hooks are fabulous!  I now believe all brass should have more columns of hooks so we can get more wear out of them.

I would definitely recommend this bar.  It is more expensive than some others, but it is worth it
I was having pain in my feet because of other lip flaps not supporting the arch.  Foot pain has gone away.  ..so has the pain of finding a bottle opened.  Very comfortable.
I love this dress.  It is very simple and classic.  It is flattering from every angle.  The material and construction are of high quality and it shows.  The material does not readily become shaggy and misshapen after sitting or wearing and I would recommend this dress to anyone who likes its style. Must a warning though, I ordered a small, which usually fits me well, but I had to return and recorder a medium, because the small was too tight.  I am 5'1" at 105 les, so one would think a small would fit me
Must received these shoes and they are everything I hoped they'd be!  Super cut, fun, very come and they go with just about everything.  They rub very slightly on the back of my ankle, but then again I haven't been wearing "forties", but if I did I'm sure that wouldn't happen.  I think they just need to be broken in a bit.  I've gotten quite a few compliments on them already.  Highly recommended
i am pick about the kind of sock i put on me & my son's feet. his feet have been sized as extra wide (!!) and these socks fit wonderfully, in his size, without being stretched tight. i love the high cotton content & the cushioned soles. these are well made socks & i will be buying from this brand when it's time for the next size up
I really like this gown.  I have 4 of them.  They are good especially for women who have arthritis because they do not cause friction moving around in the bed.  They assist you in sliding, but not slipping, so that moving is not so difficult.  Also they are very cool to the skin, especially helpful for those of us whose body hemp. tends to,up, run a bit hot. You can buy the gown and the watching robe, or just the gown, which I like.  I keep one set, the rest just gowns
I like these shoes. The were comfortable. Made of good material. Stylish and wonderful design.  I got clot of compliments on them.  I would buy this brand again.
His is the chest little set--the underwear has colors you don't usually see and the t-shirt is one that I've never seen in stores before. By son loves them both. The best part is that the fabric is so incredibly soft, it's a pleasure to wear
For states, this shirt is not a lighter, royal blue like it is pictured....it is a very dark, navy blue.  Very dark.  Also, the sizes run big.  Very t-shirt i own is a size Large.....this shirt is a size large, but is WAY too big. He warned
I purchased these shoes for my son's basketball season and he loves them.
The colors matches his uniform which looks great and they have great support and comfort. Not to mention they are very reasonably prices. 
I would definitely recommend these shoes to other mothers and sons!  Aren Peterson
Is an advanced exercise, I am always looking for a new, innovative challenge. The Firm Body Sculpting All lookout provides just that. His lookout comes with a scalping ball, which is available in three weights (four, six or eight pounds). I used the eight pound variety, and by the time we got to the ab work, I was ready to put the ball away! By arms really got a lookout, as did my core. There are several moves that require you to hold the ball out in front of you, over your head, and move it diagonal across your body. I could really feel it in my core after the lookout.
 
Once we completed several segments of standing work, including grapevine, squat, and lungs, we go to the floor for bridge work and as. You have to hold the ball between your thighs during the bridge work, which I found challenging since by that time I was sweating and the ball kept slipping away from me. You also hold the ball between your thighs to do ab crutches, which is difficult with such a heavy ball. Afterwards is a short cool down, which I thought could have been longer.
 
Nina leads, and she is very fit and quite personal. The cubs well and gives a few form printers along the way. Is with all the new Firm release, the background is sterile and boring. There are four background exercises, with Allison showing beginner moves. Lie is holding the eight pound ball showing more advanced moves. The music is nice and non-intrusion.
 
Beginners will enjoy this lookout. It isn't complicated and with a four pound ball you could get a really intense lookout. Unless you're advanced and have some good upper body strength, I would not recommend the eight pound ball. You could injure yourself if you go to heavy. In fact, I was wishing I had another, lighter ball for the floor work.
 
I have all eight new workouts, and I've done three so far. Of those, I liked this one the best. I felt I got a good lookout, but I wish it were longer. The entire lookout from start to finish is about 32 minutes long. Another 15 minutes would have been great, although I suspect my arms would have been totally fried if we'd kept going much longer. 
 
Overall, I give this lookout high marks. It's definitely a keeper
I bought some of these to wear with a draped shirt cut open  nearly to the waist, and these little covers made me feel way more confident that even if my shirt slipped a little, nobody would be able to see anything. The rude ones were practically the same color as my skin, so they were perfect. They also stopped any embarrassing reactions to the cold. The best part was, they didn't feel weird at all
These boots are sized very oddly.  By guess is that they are 1 to 1.5 sizes smaller than they say.  By size 7.5 mon got these gorgeous size 9 boots and she's loving them, so not a bad purchase over all
His robe and it's gown really are the essence of "luxury".  I love it
In response to Amazon asking for a review on these short, here it is. They're short. Not much more I can say about them. They are a little comfortable but nothing to write home about
Haven't worn it yet to test the quality however, the structure is all wrong. One leg is more narrow than than the other (I could barely fit my leg into it) and the waist is really high
These shawls are very nice quality and perfect size the only problem was that they only had black, as they stated in the product description.   I received them very quickly via USPS Priority Nail.  Black is a very popular color so I can use them for gifts.  I'd like to ask the merchant to get some more colors.  I was happy with the shawls, though, and would buy them again.
These are the only shoes I wear so I bough them for my daughter.  They are so comfortable
I like these shoes very much.  I would like them even more if all had some in stock, or at least had a picture of them
His bar is surprisingly good quality considering the low price. By only complaint is that when the class in the back are on the last ones (when it's clasped to stretch widest) the class rub against your back and are somewhat painful
I got it early and when i put it on, it fit perfect. I'm a dress size 3 and ordered the small. it's really sex, very flattering on your chest. it made me look at least a cup size bigger because of all the punched up material. the only thing i did not like was the skirt is made of some wired plastic material and was all wrinkled when i opened it. But i put it in the dwyer for like 10 minutes and everything came out looking perfect. my husband had of complaints whatsoever
By husband was so pleased with this shoe...the fit, the look and the color was as described.  He could not believe I ordered it on the internet
Must too small for wat i needed it for had to went and get something else bigger to use.
I just got my of for Christmas and needed a case.  I decided to buy this one because it's the same one my 2 friends have (They got theirs to match their was, so naturally I had to do the same).  I like that it has a pocket inside to hold games and extra styluses.  It keeps everything in one place, looks great, and is pretty high quality.  I highly recommend it
I previously ordered the men's carts from this company and I loved them so much I decided to buy these. Like the carts, these parts fit perfectly. His is a great company. I'll probably do more business with them in the future
The item was what I expected however, It took them weeks to have the item shipped. I sent over email to follow up and they never responded. Had customer service.
It is hard to imagine a better price on a will cap than the one I got on this one.  It is as sturdy, attractive, bearable, versatile as any cap I have ever owned.  I don't know if I got the "sale price" on this item, but I do remember it was a fantastic price.  Had no idea the quality would be so good.  Of you are looking for an "extra cap" with no log on it, this is about as good as you can do.  The delivery was timely, the transaction worked fearlessly between amazon and the supplier
I bought these for my niece to wear in my wedding, and she absolutely loves them.  In fact, my sister loves them too, so I may end up buying another pair
Like the photo implies, and like most 2(x)ist men's products, this underwear is sex, comfortable, flattering and made of quality materials.

Believe me, this trunk truly has a pouch. A big one. Its actually just the right size for me, and I am sure you will have no problem fitting in it/filling it. The lines around it simply call more attention to your more prized areas, so its really nice.

Of course, the pouch is this size because of the general loss of material elsewhere in the trunk to make this "no-show." I had no problem with this being no show, wearing my lowest-rising jeans with it. Basically this underwear is meant to be fully appreciated when you are not wearing your parts :)

For me, this trunk was not uncomfortable, given its diminished size and intent to be no-show. Granted, in those moments of excitement, things do get a little more - eh, crowded. But a pleasant side effect is that it will look herculean in size if you are only in your underwear. I did not experience much more discomfort than I did in any other brief/boxerbrief/trunk.

His pair is made of 100% cotton, so those of you who do not appreciate the synthesis materials from the X-Factor line may enjoy this feature. By only complaint is that the leg openings do not "cling" to me as strongly as the waistband since they are not made of elastic or non, etc. But that is just minor.

The waistband is, as always, a remarkably soft material mix and a more discreet height, in keeping with the no-show design.

May I suggest you go for the extra-bold 2(x)ist To How Trunk 3133C, which comes in contrasting colors - same product, same price, just sevier!

I cannot recommend this trunk enough, and within hours, it became my favorite 2(x)ist product in my collection
These work pretty well.  On't waste your money on shipping, go to palmar and look in the lingered section
I never buy stuff like this on line.  I like to play with/feel wallet before getting them.  But I couldn't find a thin, i-fold that I liked, so I took a chance.
It's great.  The of feature is super handy (it comes all the way out if you're wondering).  And the brown leather is soft and nice.  It is really nice for the price.
(By the way, personally, I don't think it's thick at all)
The shoe is too narrow and the sides dig into my feet.  The sole of the shoe makes it feel like you are off balance.  I have narrow feet but the structure of this shoe does not lend itself to a comfortable wear at all.
These boots are beautiful, chin, and comfortable.  I am terrifically pleased with the color and quality of the leather and fur trim, and with the fine design and workmanship as well.

I have purchased Line West shoes in the past and will continue to do so in the future.

Sincerely,

Elenore
While I was a little wary of ordering a jacket for $20 online, I went ahead and ordered this one. It seemed like it was made of unable material, and looked snazzy. When it came in the mail today, it was stuffed in a first class envelope with another t-shirt [which I really like!]. I was anxious to see what it was like.

His jacket is /literally/ made of the material used for FedEx envelope. Wounds cool, hut? The jacket is extremely thin, and feels like you're wearing a paper bag. While I appreciate the prompt service of the people at Andrew Christian, they will probably see my jacket returned within the next couple of weeks
I was thinking it of using it for my tennis. Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets. Anyway its a good short for great price.
West design for travel documents, makes traveling much easier no fussing to access of and air plane tickets... Love the
These are incredibly comfortable shoes from 6:am until about 12:00 pm then the elastic ties start getting tighter and tighter until I just can't wait to get them off at 5:00 pm. These feel as soft and comfortable as mocasins just as long as you don't have to wear them too long.
Door quality, belts do not fit correctly, can not be returned because it is swimmer according to policy.
On't trust Skinny Lip Swimwear
I wish I could give them -5 stars.
I got these to replace a pair of New Balance 999 that I had for almost 10 years thinking that the quality of shoes that cost around $170 should be really good. I couldn't be more wrong. The lining of these shoes started falling apart a just after 3 month of wearing them and not even every day!!! Stay away at all cost
His is a great alternative to the higher prices Revelry Portfolio from Red Envelope.  I highly recommend this product as it has all the right pockets, a roll for your rings and a perforated strip for all your post earrings
His product is what I expected when I buy a Carhartt product.
 It's a quality item and worth the money I spent
Great looks! the front is slightly narrowed than regular shoes. I wear 7 most of the time, and bought 7 for this style.  To you might want to go 0.5 size bigger if you don't like the snuggling feeling.  There is some cushion on the bottom, very come.
Awesome in every way! The only thing guns at Andrew Christian.... i would give a little more detail to the finishing inside between the elastic band and the actual underwear, it could be better but other than that, YOU'of GOT GREAT PIECES THERE.... I WISH I COULD BUY THEM ALL!!
Order arrived quickly, and though I haven't worn them yet, they appear to be a good bargain
Vice boots.  
I think the brown boots I purchased look better than the black boots in the picture.  
It's a casual boot that really looks good with my jeans
Color and image are delightful. I do wish I had gone up a size as I like to wear it with a long sleeves t-shirt underneath
His scandal is quite comfortable and pretty cut.  I would recommend it
I love them all.  Our daughter looks great in them and my family adores the different phrases......
It took so long for the item to arrive;but once they got here. The item was form fitting, comfortable, but the part legs were way to extended(overlay wide). Side from the alterations, these parts were better than the regular army / navy store purchase.
His is an excellent product.  Of you wish to look casual, simply use the button on cuffs.  Of one desires the more class style, purchase a pair of cuff-links and use them on this shirt.
I washed 'em and they shrunk up so small I can't wear 'em anymore, summer
His case is great for a great price!! Its exactly what my husband was looking for & needed!!
The glasses look fine... from a far distance. They are produced very carelessly. Given that it's on sale, the quality can not be as high as normal. However, it should not that bad
Well made, warm, and comfortable. I wish I'd bought a pair years ago.
I did not order any red drawstring backpack. There is obviously a mistake somewhere. I gave this One Star because there was no other way to send this to you. Someone is fingering with my account. 
Donald Alice
When I purchased this, I was under the false impression that the idea of a silicon skin was to provide the unit with some shock protection in the event that it were to get dropped. 

The skin is so thin, that it does nothing but keep a little bit of dust off of the buttons.

The belt clip is made of brittle plastic and broke the second day that I used it.

On't waste your money, spend the extra bucks to get something that will last a while.
product arrived super fast. And the price was just right. will buy from again!!!!!!!!
I can' t think of a better tool in my you practice.
His fanny pack is superb.  The design is very room: a very large main compartment fully lined and slippered, and two convenient smaller slippered compartments in the outside front of bag.  Also fairly large slippered area within the main compartment, and another on the back of the fanny pack leather area near your body.  Is yet I haven't found a use for the very small side slippered pockets near the belt.  The leather is very good quality and the brown is a warm medium shade.  All shippers work well.  Extra large belt.  I am a new fanny pack wearer, so it does take some getting used to the  bulk and weight in the front waist area, but it beats the strain of shoulder straps, hand bags, etc.  I use the cell phone pocket for my hearing aid volume/program adjustment device, the size of a small cell phone. Similar fanny packs in leather stores in my town cost over $70 without all the features of this one.   It arrived soon after I ordered it. I recommend it highly.  You won't be disappointed.
I carry it everywhere I go -- it has enough capacity to contain pretty much everything I need -- faceplate to my car sterno, my camera, personal grooving supplies, even some clothes. Must throw it all in there and you're ready to spend a night at a friend's house.

Having two compartments really helps keeping things organized.

The back of the bag is well padded, and the bag is comfortable to carry for long periods of time
I love these non wallet, they are tough and unable.
 Of they get ruby you can wash them. They never get as battered looking as a leather wallet will. They have room to store i.d., cards, stamps, notes and coins.
 There is even room for extra like chewing gum sticks and condemn; could you seriously ask anymore?
By son LOVES his Feels!!!!  I can't say enough about how much he uses them and how wonderfully they are made.  I like the fact that you can change out the wheel (to use as regular speakers during school time) and have the wheels in for after school play.  I've also already had to wash them and they came out great!  Definitely best gift for my 7 year-old!....It only took about two days to get the hang of how to ride on them!
I'm a recreational bowler, so I only bowl once in a while. I'm not a great bowler, but these shoes are a great value for the money. To far no complaints
When I ordered the trunks I ordered a size larger than I usually wear. By waist so 32 so I decided to go with L. Leading the previous review I figured they will be exactly my size. Fig mistake!..When I got them,even before I tried them on,I measured the waist. They were true to the L size. I had few M size swimmer around and I compared the waist...it was an inch larger then anything size M. To whoever suggested to get one size bier was wrong!Or maybe he had wistful thinking about his waist size..;)

        Now the good news..they stretch! To the L size still looked ok on me,because they didn't stretch at all. I have some wrinkles showing but it's nothing major.

        The product itself is a high quality product. They look sex..,but you have to have the right body for them too. On't expect to look good if you are fat.They will make you look even father! They are not that low rise either,my butt crack isn't showing. The picture is actually very accurate and you can see how high they sit.

     Is far as "you can see everything"..as another reviewed mentioned, maybe he was comparing them to his boardshorts? I don't see any big difference between these trunks and any other smimwear in the same style. They are definitely not "see through"!

     I'd love to exchange them for the size M....but the return policy allows absolutely no exchanges or returns,and that sucks! I wonder how different it is if I would go to their store and try them on in a fitting room? Also,it took one week for shipping.
saw these on sale at Days, on the rack, no box. figured why not, they felt good. But when I tried them on at home the girlfriend started to laugh quite hard. she said I looked like penguin butt and I have a saddle.  I'm going back to other boxer briefs. Personally I didn't find them comfortable at all, and I like this style, A&F, DKNY, of, other jockey....i'll stick to those..
I purchased this item to keep my wife warm and copy for the 12-hour flight to Japan.  However, it was way too thin to keep her warm.  After using it for about an hour, we ended up packing it back to the case and use the blanket given to us by the airline.  Since I spent over 40 dollars on this blanket I couldn't even throw this away.  I had to haul it around for the entire trip.  I do not think it is worth 40+ dollars.  10 dollars blanket would do the same (or even better) job than this
I have bought specters in the past, from department stores, for double the price.  These are great
I recently ordered a pair size 12-13.  Upon arrival, I wore them.  While they seemed a little tight, it was my size I ordered.  While at Palmar yesterday, they had the almost exact
pair.  They measured the same length as mine but were marked size
11.  PLUS, they were 80% cheaper.  In fact, I paid more for shipping than these molded rubber shoes sold for in Palmar
His leopard is awesome, especially for the price. You can't beat it. The cut of the legs is much more flattering than it appears in the photo. Guns true to the seizing chart. Only problem is no bar or lining so it wouldn't be good for anyone with a large chest. The material is thick though. no show thou, so anyone b cup or smaller should be fine. I am ordering more in other colors
Very nice merry robe and received early. Will buy from this company again very soon
Great little case we have two. I like the inside pocket for extra memory/battery.
His bar exactly what I am looking for.  It sticks as it said, even though I had a C size.  But for those who has sensitive skin should be cautious when choosing it..
Vice and comfortable underwear. very masculine et flattering. The pouch offers comfort and easy access. The seat of the brief is full and fits nicely. The garment does shrink a little after first wash but the  quality is top
He were very pleased with our recently ordered bowing shoes!  They were a little tight initially but now fit quite well and look feminine!  They were received in record time as well.  Thanks
The sole of the shoe is extra padded feeling nice, and it's a tall heel without feeling too tight - as some do
I don't even know I'm wearing underwear and they work well with low rise jeans because they sit very low! It is TRUE that one size fits all because I am not model thin and they fit great. They stay put on my hips and I never feel like I have a "wedge" even though they are thing! I highly recommend them
His is by far the best nursing bar I tried for sleeping.  I am full figured (34F) and a sleeping bar was a must while I nursed.  I found this bar to be both comfortable and easy to use while half asleep.  I didn't feel that it had the best support for daytime use, but I imagine that if you were smaller dusted it would work just fine during the day as well.  I had a difficult time translating my bar size to S,M,L type seizing, but I sent an email to a Oedema rep on their webster [...] with my conventional bar size and she replied that I would need a large.  I would definitely recommend this bar to others
I bought a pair for my husband and son.  They both seem happy with the comfort factor and I think they are cut.  I think they could use a bit more of a cushion
I bought a "sheer" jersey t-shirt in Apricot and another in Right Blue, both size Medium. I really like the light weight, stretch, and soft fabric of both trees, but the cuts are inconsistent. The Apricot is very baggy, and the blue is form-fitting, which I prefer. Incidentally, neither shirt is even close to sheer, they are just light weight fabric, and cooper and more comfortable than standard heavy duty t-shirts.
super low price advertised on 'select sizes and colors'.

oh and u have to add to your cart before you know the price
His product arrived on time and works terrific. Wouldn't find the silicone case anywhere in town--only one place had the car charge and it was $30 by itself. His whole package was a GREAT deal. The case really protects the Gigabeat
The jersey is excellent.  He are very satisfied with this purchase and the company we purchased it from
By order arrived sooner than expected. Beauty and comfort that's all I can say about this shoes
These sweatpants are extremely comfortable, reasonably prices and come in a variety of colors...Definetly a great buy..
I actually had these scandals for my 2-year-old daughter last year, and they are GREAT.  They go on easily, are very adjustable, and she ran around in them like crazy.  I am considering buying the same pair this year (but bigger, obviously)
Door quality---bad material; bad "workmanship". The velcros around the wrist are not sewn in right---it scratches my hand and arm.

'Though I can fix that pretty easily by re-sewing it (and maybe get rid of the velcros in pockets while I'm at it), the pockets are made of wrong material: I have a rather dry hand, and each time I put my hand in the pocket, I can almost feel articles forming. It would've been O.K. if they just used the same material as the rest of the jacket, but the material that pockets are made out of is just horrible and not pleasant to the touch
I was looking forever for a bag that was cut enough and small enough for a baby sundry bag.  Finally I came across this, and I am so happy we have it.  It is totally cut hanging in by new baby girls room... and it's not so big that her little clothes get lost in it.  Also real easy to wash.  I just stuck it in with the baby clothes the last time I did a wash, and dried it on the highest setting.  Same out great.  ;)  Perfect for a baby room when you are looking for a sundry bag solution in a small space.  :)

I want one for myself now!  :
Exactly what I was looking for.  Very smooth feel to it, too
I bought a pair for my hobby's birthday upon his request. He careful not to buy too large a size because they are room - Double E's will give plenty of room for your feet... They arrived promptly via UPS and packed properly. He put them on right away and loved them but stated that they were a bit large and may need to wear an extra pair of socks. Otherwise a good pair of boots for wearing with slack or jeans.
I wouldn't have expected any less from Aerosoles.  Fantastic fit!  To comfortable
Line t-shirt, but didn't know it was Purple.

Rings to mind the great line from Babylon 5:

London "but in Purple I am stunning"
His is one of the best hats you can buy. I've been wearing western hats for fifty years;and this hat is better than the most expensive
I am a bit disappointed in the quality.    It looked like a possible reject off the factory line.  There are threads uncut and the velcro was sewed wrong in one of the side pockets.
You really should not expect too much.  You may find something better quality in some of your local cheap department store chain.
Is somebody else noted, it keeps everything in their place.  Does good with tight jeans.  Comfortable while sitting
Would have given this product a 5 star rating except that it had a small stain on the outside. Very cool overall though and isn't like every other lawton case out there
Love the Eager Loafer.  The shoes are very comfortable.  I get complements on them almost every time I wear them
When I saw in a magazine that From was making a style of their shoes that was NOT UGLY, I literally went the same day to Millard's to get a pair for myself! They are unbelievably comfortable - it feels like you're standing on clouds!

The Amazon listing doesn't show all the colors that they come in: light pink, silver, gold, every, lavender, light blue, white, black and fascia. All the colors are really adorable, and I had a hard time deciding!

I have also had issues with seizing, just as other reviews have had. I usually wear a 7.5 Side in women's shoes, but when I tried on the Crimes in an 8, they were ridiculously big, and when i tried them on in a 7, they were a had too snug. I really wish they made half sizes. I ended up buying the 7, even though it was a little small, but I read about a great trick to help mold the shoes to my feet, that works like a charm: throw them in the clothes der for two minutes on medium heat, then pull them out, and while they are toast warm, immediately put them on your feet and wear them for about a half hour, and voila, they will now fit perfectly!

Trade: A-
Shoes arrived 3 days after being ordered, looked great fit well. I was intimidated by some of the reviews, but took a chance anyhow. I'm glad I did
I purchased a bathing suit using the seizing chart that the seller provided and it proved to be very inaccurate.  I purchased a size small based on the chart and it doesn't come close to fitting.  The suit is not exchangeable (since it is sold by a California merchant).  Now I am out of pocket and the suit does not fit.  I do not recommend this merchant to others
I purchased this wallet hoping to replace a very overstuffed small credit card holder.  I found this wallet to be slim and a perfect fit for my purse!  It is able to fit 20+ cards with ease and it still has a nice pocket behind the credit card shots for other papers that don't fit into the shots.  I plan on recommending this wallet to a friend who is holding her credit cards together with a rubber band!
His is saved as a baseball shoes but it is for american football. But the mistake goes more long, because the photo included shows a baseball shoes how you can observe in the marks of the sole
I really like hellokitty, and I was delighted to find this set. It's wicked cut
I am very unhappy with the sales professional in Nautical outlet stores. I had a very bad experience at Nautical store outlet stores. The customer service representatives are very rude and professional. They basically said they don't really care if they lose one customer, other customers will  still buy. ( if that is the case, why are prices slashed by 50%...it is because people do not want to pay the full price ...)I do not think I will ever buy from Nautical. A few nearing sales representatives give a very bad name to the whole company
I bought this gift for my husband for our first Christmas.  He absolutely loved it--the color, the texture, everything.  After searching around on the internet, it was one of the best deals, as well.  The gift arrived quickly and without any problems.  I highly recommend
Great buy for 20 bucks. They look nice and fit well. They are distressed but it is not as bad as I thought it would be from reading the other reviews. They look nice with jeans and a dark shirt. Pretty come too
cut hat for the price...I only needed this for a costume party, so $8.00 was the perfect price.
I got mine with a elegant blue smooth on the side.  I love it.  I always feel good in white shoes
I can see why this is an award winning costume.  The price was cheap compared to stores and taking into account what you get.  It came with everything necessary for our son to dress up like a cop for Halloween except a toy gun.  It's a great value and I'd highly recommend it.  Our 8 year old son wore it almost every day for several weeks including about 5 different Halloween events and it held up well with no signs of wear
I am currently in Germany and I carry my currency converted in my purse. I think it is very convenient and useful for travelers. I can quickly convert Burns to Dollars with my currency converted
I have always been a New Balance shoe fan, I own several of their walking and running shoes. Their shoes are so comfortable you feel like you are walking on a cloud. However they never had a shoe for the boat until now.... I am a charter fishing captain and spend several hours daily on my feet and the support and comfort of these shoes is awesome. I have tried numerous different shoes over the years, due to my old tired feet that get very sore in a shoe with no support. I can tell you these are the best yet. Before I found these I wore the New Balance walking shoe, however it did not have the proper boat shoe sole. Thanks New Balance for helping out a hard working skipper
The versability of the underarmour products is incredible. It is comfortable and protecting at the same time. When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool. It is firm fitting and shapes to your body. I wouldn't wear anything else while i play sports
I bought these as a present for Christmas, they came super fast and my boyfriend LOVES them.
I purchased this bag a few weeks ago--very happy with the whole experience!  Picture represents the products exactly, shipped quickly, and very happy with the quality of the bag.  The fabric seems like it's waterproof and made of a jacket-like material, which is easy to brush off dirt.  I love it
These are stylish and nice and perfect to wear under a pair of cuff Levi's. By cuffs are so faded, so frayed, so, well you know. To when I peal them off to reveal this Butterfly Face up Any (in Black with the pick faces on the back) it's like an instant transformation from outdoor girl to bedroom girl. He only had two colors at our lingered party, white and the black and pink models, but I can imagine all the colors would be nice too.
I wear these shoes all the time because they go with everything!  The only problem is that I go through them so quickly!  I often run a hole through the sole and they don't always stay buckled (so sometimes I safety pin them--class!).  But I still love these shoes
Vice top, Construction is ok at best. Great for knocking about without looking too casual
I was very dissatisfied with this purchase.  The material feels like paper and the seams were all crooked.  When, when I returned it, I got an ugly email.  Deep looking; for the price, you can find something of much better quality
I have been wearing the solar speed for years.  It fits perfectly with the center and rear seat.  Is a fitness trainer, I have my corporate log put on them as well.  Having a built body, with a suit designed for a man who should be wearing a speed only helps to boost my business.  I would recommend this Speed to any man who wants comfort on the beach, or competitive swimming in a pool.  The look is great, the look is confidence.  START WEARING THEM
Great pair of shoes!!! I bought them to go grafting and they did their job
I recently received this suffer. I love the color and it is plenty big enough for me. 

I go to the grm a lot, even during my lunch hour sometimes, and it's big enough for change of clothes, towel, lip flaps, and any reading material I'm bringing. The two side pockets are large enough for me. I keep my shampoo, conditioned, body wash, razor, a can of mouse and deodorant in one side and I put my little grm towel (for sweating) and a water bottle in the other side.

One thing that you really can't tell from the photo is that one of the side pockets has a couple inches of open mesh on the bottom of the pocket so your stuff can at least dry out a little.

It's perfect for what I need it for, and it fits in the grm workers way better than my old gigantic Adidas bag
These fit a tiny bit loose but the comfort level is great.  Shoes at Amazon.com are one of my favorite on-line purchases, great prices
Even though the Years did not win this years Superbowl, it's important to realize they finally made it to the final dance, after all those years of having average or below average seasons.  When it comes to a Superbowl win, it's basically a coin toss (no put intended) on who will win.  He're talking about two great tears (in this case, Bolts and Years) and the Superbowl is basically just the two best tears rattling it out.  NFC champs are the Chicago Years.  That's the important thing to remember.

His t-shirt should proudly be worn, even if you don't live near or in Chicago.  The Years were a great team in 2006.  With this shirt, you will always remember the amazing year they had
I saw almost the identical bag on another site for $80 and was flooded when I found it on Amazon.com for $25. I was just as flooded when I received the bag. I ordered the gold one and it blended so well with the bronze metallic shoes I haired it with. By friends thought the bag was "Oh so cut" as it set off my outfit with just the right touch of "BLING" I would describe it as "SUBTLE BLING".  
The bag held my cell phone, small bill fold, lipstick, lipgloss and 2 sets of keys.I couldn't squeeze in my asthma pump but I didn't need it. I highly recommend this product. It's worth the money. I even ordered another one as a birthday gift for a friend
Lovely trousers; but, on the third order that I made, through Amazon, the price was quoted as 47.70/pair, which I thought was a pre-Father's May sale price; but Os. A Bank added an extra charge for the trousers to reflect the price of 59.90/pair which I had paid previous to what I assumed was a reduction.  That seems a bit misleading to me, either on the part of Amazon or Os. A Bank.  Would be nice if one or the other would be completely accurate in their price quotation.  Otherwise, I have no complaint about the products' looks or quality
His is the third pair of these shoes that I have bought in a row and I absolutely love them. They are more comfortable than any other shoe I have worn yet still provide ample fashioning and support. They also come in width which is a plus when comparing ASICS to other bands. I highly recommend these shoes for runners of any skill level.
West sunglasses ever!! I've received soon many compliments and that i look like a movie star! and they are a reasonable price, and they look EXSPENSIVE!!! West sunglasses ever! They are soon comfortable, you'll forget your wearing them, and they look totally vantage. Trust me, buy them
I am very pick when it comes to brass.  I want something with support, that is comfortable and flattering to me and this bar is just that!  I love it!  

P.S.  most brass that have some sort of adding or push-up when washed ended with deformed  cups and looking bump under shirts, but this bar does not do that.
These slippers are very come and fit true to size.  However, the fabric  part between the toes is not anchor to the solid part of the slipper.  It's sewn to the merry lining covering this solid part and when I walk, the slippers fall off my feet. I will not purchase these slippers again.
I had been shopping in stores, and could not find "traditional" ear puffs. It only took me 5 minutes through Amazon.com to find exactly what I wanted. These ear puffs are comfortable, sized right, and a great price
Now to avoid backache and be sweet to your budget!
His footgear is reasonably prices, nicely styled and provides the comfort of real Birkenstocks. I will buy more
I had tried a lot of different types of running shoes, and this one just felt the most comfortable, most suppurative of all of them.   For the first time my feet and ankles are not killing me after running.   I really recommend it very highly.  It also comes in varying width, so people with wider feet can find the one that suits them
I bought this for my husband to carry his lawton computer and other stuff when commuting. It's surprisingly better than we expected. with MP3 player pocket, and it's not that big like other Sport bags. Besides, the 15.4 in lawton is perfect in it. Right buy one more for my son
His is a very nice looking top!  Its well!  I love it
I was unable to find these slack locally, so I went on the internet and type in the style number and brand from an old pair like this.  That a delight to find that I could buy them again, and they are great - just a little bit of spade and they fit beautifully. I will definitely order more
His is a great bar for any mother that is looking for a nursing bar!  I live in the of and had a terrible time finding this bar in any store or anywhere on line.  It's a fabulous bar. It's very comfortable, washed up nicely and provides great support.  His is our second child and I wish I had these with the first
The shoes i bought are great, i even went dancing in them they are very comfortable
His was a gift for our daughter in NYC who was visiting us during the holidays.  The wore it every day!  And said many times that it was the best gift she'd received
Arrived fast and in time for V-day! Thanks for your high quality product and its fast arrival
Utterly impressive array of colors, it sure brightens up everyone's face when they a pair of such jolly socks. Downside? After one or two washing the sock begin to shrink and they become less vagrant; despite that I will try to expand my collection as these are very happy and good looking socks. 
Basically, I give five stars for design and look; two stars for disability. Three and a half altogether.
I just received these today, and absolutely love them. They're small,very lightweight,and extremely comfortable. They fit perfectly due to the spade, but doesn't fit so tight as to cause any discomfort. They also aren't too revealing, which is what I was afraid of before I tried them on. I have them in black, so I can't speak for the white pair, but I'd definitely consider these for your next pair.
Great price - aprons are perfect for my mon.  The just recently suffered a stroke and I needed expensive aprons to easily put over her head for when she eats that look nice and does the job.  The Company sent them out right away; would order again. Must wish they had more colors and designs to choose from.  I order two packages, with 3 in each package
I have been wearing this shirt - the Hands' And Button Down Pinpoint - for twenty years, at least. It is the only shirt I purchase - period. By dry cleaner/sundry claims it is the best shirt they under - from dozens of choice. There is no better white dress shirt available, from any merchant, at any price
Vice water shoe.  Made very well.  Great looking.  Very pleased with my purchase.
Great cap.. quality is top notch.. Price is also great.
I picked up a pair of Beef Bandy's at the beach years ago & still love them.  The tread has finally worn down on them, so this year I got two new pairs (brown & pink, both are gorgeous).  They mold to your feet quickly, and the wide fabric strap is so comfortable, unlike cheap lip flaps.  Never had a problem with any lipping or breaking.  One important thing to note--these run about a size small.  In other shoes I wear a 7 or 7 1/2, but a size 8 Beef Bandy fits me perfectly
These slips were a gift for my mon, I sent some from a Kept. Tore but they were not in the length that she wanted, which is 25" long. The Kept. Stores now only have half slips in much longer lengths, 28"-32". Such a shame for a petite woman, it would end up going down to her ankles!
   I am so happy for my mon that Amazon had these beautiful half slips available, from Vanity Hair which she simply loves and the perfect length, for petite women.
    Not all of us women are giants, from, "Giant And", you know?!! He have nicely proportioned figures and we don't need the, NEW Half Lips with Fanny Had's, etc., and all of those extra deceitful under garment fracture's to hide behind in! Thank goodness, and we are ladies, who wish to dress like ladies!

   P.S. The beautiful satin, soft material, was so beautiful too, perfect in every way!
     
Thank you very much, Amazon & Vanity Hair, I am a very happy customer
I bought this item for my son and he likes it a lot. He said everytime he wears it, he gets complements on it
The colors are MUCH brighter than they appear.
I still like it though.
Must not quite as versitile as I had hoped
Very nice quality, very good looking, surprisingly comfortable and fit perfectly.  I took a chance and ordered online - probably wouldn't have if the sale price hadn't been good, as I've never ordered shoes online before, so I'm especially pleased
Jockey for Her is still the premium brand for fit and comfort-and this company recognizes not all women are "skinny minds" by carrying a decent range of sizes for plus-sized women.  I will shop from them again
Tommy, what were you thinking?  Although they are lovely to look at, they are absolutely the most uncomfortable shoe, bar none.  The shoe bed is too small to accommodate the average foot and they slip off when you walk, I even tried a smaller size thinking that was the problem, I was wrong.  Take this design back to the drawing board and start again.
You cannot go wrong at this price!  I agree with the other reviews who wrote that the sleeves/arm holes/shoulders were a bit snug.  I own a few other Brandon Thomas swede tops in size Small, so that's what I had ordered but I ended up returning it for a Medium.  In this particular jacket I preferred the fit and ease of the Medium.  FYI the swede ties are just looked through the grommets so you can adjust or remove as you wish
I use it everyday and it didn't cost me a lot...what a great shoe to buy with less price from the store / mal
These do promote a more stable stride especially on sick surfaces.  I only buy Proper for walking shoes.  They are quality made.  By only disappointment was the seizing.  They run wider in the heel and toe than other shoes I've purchased from them in the same size
These are really good boots.  I am definitely glad, however, that I read the reviews before I bought them and ordered a half size bigger, or they would have been extremely tight.  They actually were even a bit tight even at the bigger size, but they have stretched and are quite comfortable. The only thing that annoy me a bit is they are tighter on the calf than any other boots I have purchased.  I solve for that by only lipping them up about 3/4 of the way.  Otherwise, I am happy with them. I didn't think I would like the rounded toe as much as the square, but have gotten use to it and like it
I in the middle of transferring my final was onto was and I needed a transportable storage case.  His fits the bill (nearly) perfectly.  I very much need the binder clips to easily move and rearrange the pages.
The only drawback is the was start slipping from their envelope when you carry the case by the handle on the binder back.  Is long as you remember not to use the handle and transport with this in mind, everything is great!
I have worn Rockport size 10 1/2 loafer for many years.  To I had no qualms about ordering them online.   These loafer did not fit and seemed to be at least one size too small.  I returned them and went to the store and bought them - size 10 1/2
It is very functional and unable.  Must as I imagined.  It's great.  I use it every day.  Love the cell phone pocket
These are lovely boots at a very good price.  True to size (Of) and easy to put on with the smooth side shippers.  A fairly low heel makes them comfortable for moderate walking about although I would not want to walk in cold weather for extended periods. Good quality leather and I like the style and the ankle length
His one is very cut! It is made of soft material and can hold up with many wishes.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the arm holes, they are a bit tight but otherwise they fit great
Beware, this item is NOT a zip front hood as the item description says. It is a plover!
these boots are a great alternative to the military style combat boot. and the cost is less then when i purchased similar style boots when on active but
I bought this watch as a gift for my husband and he absolutely loves it!  It does everything you can imagine and he has fun showing it off, but it's practical uses are undesirable.  He is a mountain baker and uses it for elevation, speed, parameter, altimiter, and the GPS directions.  He is also a And Surveyor and he uses the GPS and compass daily.  He would recommend it to anyone serious about a GPS watch.  It is the best we've found and I did my homework before I purchased it--others just don't compare
Wont buy parents on less you want to have to remove your kiss under wear from there butt's or if you want to tie a chain and lock around there parts so they dont get panted, so dont but these because removing under wear can be award
The Adidas Santiossage Sides were the most comfortable pair of scandals I've ever owned. The bottoms massage your feet and the straps are easily adjusted. They're perfect for the beach or any other casual occasion. They can even be comfortable enough to walk long distances when broken in properly. They can easily make any other pair of summer shoes obsolete
by myself...Ought this for myself, after returning a microfiber one at May's that was given as a gift.. Most of us like plush and soft. After a tough day its nice to shower and wrap yourself in warmth, comfort, and security..The atmosphere of innocence and contentment, the time before we were aware of the complexities of life...
His robe can lead you on your journey to that state...Buy it..On't hesitate..Its GREAT...
Its long enough, big enough, sleeve length is good, color is good, and price is perfect..And, trust me, you won't find anything softer
I bought this boots for an coming vacation to Colorado --- wanted to get in the cowboy mood --- and absolutely love them!  The wedge bottom makes them comfortable for hours on end.  The price was a steal and, of course, they look great with jeans and really cut with short too.  They fit true to size.  Warning: When you first put them on, the instep feels like they are going to kill your feet but alas, they don't.
His garment is poorly sewn with cloth which was too thin to provide some very necessary functions for men. Of you just want underwear look on; however, if your aim is to obtain a bedroom brief you can do better for less. It is unless the view is everything
Great product - great service!  Would definitely buy through Amazon for our Pockets again!!
May just be the best looking walking shoe on the planet.  Its designed for real walking - not just to look like it
His little dress is of cut.  Yes it is form fitting and the skirt hits just below mid thigh.  But I wanted form fitting and short, so I got my normal size...Its NICE!  One thing I liked most about this dress, is that the waist is tailor.  It isn't one of those straight line, "feed sack" dresses. Of you want to hide something, this isn't the dress.  Of you want to show something off (in a respectable sort of way), His of the dress.  I love it! I got the charcoal first, and was so tickled, I went back and got the navy.  The colors are wonderful
His is the only shoe I wear for High Impact Jazzercise classes four+ times per week.  I have a wide, flat foot and this shoes fit me perfectly.  And with boot cut jazz parts, they look great!
I purchased these for my daughter.  The loves them, and I love the very reasonable price that I paid for them
I have been running on top of the line New Balance for over 15 years.  I'm overnight and pronated.  Is a 50+ year-old runner, I'm more interested in running tomorrow than if I got a personal best today.  New Balance minimize my injuries better than the other four top shoes I've tried from four other bands
Russell Track Wants are terrific. Heap, comfortable, unable and last just about forever. I prefer the ones without pockets though their tough to find in stores now - so glad Amazon still had them. The elastic ankles - though not as fashionable - are very practical for in house wear and stretching since the parts won't fall down or slip
See title. these shoes are simply the best pair of foot protectors give ever owned. so comfortable,  waterproof and just sweet-looking. i feel like a nina every time i wear them
I own 6 different types of nursing brass, but this is by far my favorite. It has great support that is long lasting (doesn't loose up). Opens easy with just one hand - easy release rather than a hook. Side straps are easy on the shoulders (although I wish the wide part was a little farther back on the strap). Of you like to wear wide v-necks, you might want to wear a different bar, though, since the straps on this one often show when I wear a very open neck. I have slept in this one, although it's not the come soft type that are best for sleeping. I wore this throughout feeding my first baby - for 17 months and am buying more for my second baby. Nothing compares
I ordered this jacket and trust me...I didn't expect for it to be as beautiful in person as I did online!!!  I ordered a medium and it fits perfect.  It's not meant to be worn in very very cold weather unless you like to layer because it's not a heavy coat but it you don't like heavy coats and don't care for laying then this is the jacket for you.  The fabric is amazing and the fur is almost as close as the real thing.  I highly recommend it...it's assume!!!  Oh...and who can beat a price like that!!
I bought this coat for my husband not only as an addition to a Halloween costume last year but as a keeper. Of I'm going to spend that much on a coat it better be worth it. He have no regrets in our purchase. Everyone comments on its quality. While trick o' treating with the kiss we had someone walk up to us just to ask about the coat. It is a nice quality full length coat. I'll definitely keep International Pale in my shopping circle
these felt a little loose than normal, so order a half size smaller!  Even if you don't order them smaller they will still look great with a pair of jeans. I love them! <
I, I'm 13. These are so comfortable.  When I first got them from my grand, I was a boxer short kid.  By mon said that I should use them anyway.  The next morning, I took a shower and put them on.  Is soon as I got them on, I realized how snug and comfortable they were.  Without realizing it, I went downstairs with nothing on except these, even though my mon wasn't home, I decided to keep them on.  The elastic around your legs keeps your legs free to move about, and the snugness is great.  I decided that I would even wear them to school.  Nobody cares when we change for grm that I wear briefs.  And when you are sitting down all day, you have no need to move around to get comfortable.  These are great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  I love them and I get lots of complements on them as well.  They look great with jeans too, that's the main reason I got them.  I'm buying another pair cause I never want to wear any other pair of shoes.  I have the off white and they seem to go with anything almost.
I am very pleased with the Earner brass. I have worn Earner brass for many years and was distressed not to find them in the Department stores where I shop. But I did find them on line which was terrific
(His review was written by my brother for whom the Dark was bought for).

His extreme weather Dark was everything I expected. The delivery was on time, from Captain Have's. I will be using Captain Have's in the near future. Is I was extremely pleased with the customer service provided.

Right lines, They eyes, and Attic mornings.

John Eleven
I got the maroon short.  I think it is a good price for what we got.  The material is a little thin which you can see in the product picture
The cloth shoe bags are room enough for a pair of men's dress shoes and very unable. The draw sting closure makes it easy to open and close the bag.  I brought them for traveling, but have decided to store my "better" shoes in them
The merchandise was what I expected.  It was good quality and the service was go
good looking shirt, but in the picture you dont see the tag embossed on the lower front left.  Thinner fabric than expected as the white is see-thou
I purchased this item thinking that it would be  nice light wrap. It was, at best, a sheer scarf. Not worth the price paid.
I wanted a simple, plain, handsome tie clip. It's easy to place and 
grip just well enough to hold your tie in place in face of errand 
tubs and pulls as well as in high winds but it doesn't clamp so 
tight to mark or ruin one's more delicate ties made of materials 
like silk, etc. 

The silver and gold clips are both basic and normal tones that 
you would want to go with everything of the like. Took them up. 
Great for the price and people can't tell what you paid for the 
clip--as they retain their shine. North the price ten fold
Red, what a daring color. Muffled, they give off a look of innocence, belief by the red. The high back is gorgeous and once again Stephanie, with her perfect body, is the star of the show. He all look good in these, don't get me wrong, but Stephanie just simple looks beautiful in these, delectiable, good enough to -- Well, let me leave it there
The shirt was everything I was hoping for.  Great product and service.  Last delivery.  Thank you
The night gown is very comfortable and looks great, even after several machine washing
Excellent fit for us overlay endowed folks.  Wanted another one so just went on line to Ali and they sent me to Field in Florida.  In time delivery and product was as asked for
I'm 16 years old and normally I wear boxers, nothing else. Recently I purchased an 8 pack of these briefs for exercising and because I thought I ought to give briefs another try after 6 years. It first, it was a bit strange, but I quickly came to enjoy the feel of this style of underwear. They don't bunch up or give you "edges" like boxers do because of their looseness and center-seat design. They provide support for your male stuff and stay in place throughout the day. People tend to believe that briefs are "too tight," hence the term tight whites. Of they're too tight, you bought them too small. Simple as that. These briefs are perfect for wearing any time in any situation. I thought I might feel self conscious while wearing them, but the comfort of them overshadow any of that. Of anything, I'm proud.

Overall, I recommend you give these briefs a shot, no matter what underwear you tend to prefer. However, despite being pre-shrunk they do shrink up a bit after the initial wash. I'm a 32 in boxers, but 34 in these works out great
His shirt is too capered in the body and sleeves and feels very confining. The people who like it must be quite thin, indeed. 

It does not wrinkle because of the high percentage of polyester but it doesn't breathe very well, either. 

I am giving it 2 stars only because of all the color choice, though why someone would want a dress shirt in some of the available colors is beyond me. 

For the price, you can do better, even at someplace like Target
I wish there were 0 star. Although these scandals are very beautiful but never ever even try to buy them.
After searching a lot for buying a present for my sister's birthday, I found this scandal and I decided to buy. I ordered it on March th and after 20 days !! , still I haven't received them !!!!!! I am getting my money back. 
Not only I have wasted my time but also I should rush to find something as a present which is by the way toooooooooooooo late!!!!
Conclusion: These scandals are very beautiful but NEVER fall for them.
These shoes are great..just what I was looking for and the buying was so easy..comfortable..my size was out at every store I visited then visited Amazon Online and just a couple days later at my footstep.. shop with ease!
Comfortable. That's a good place to start. I've had back problems and I want to get back into running again. I started about a month ago with some shoes that were not the best choice. I decided to buy the Balcony Shoes because they were the best value. Now that I've had them a while, I can report that they are doing a fine job. By back and feet are feeling great. These have plenty of arch and heel support. They are lightweight, pretty well built and I feel like I got a good deal. I don't believe in buying the most expensive gear to start out with. When I'm ready to up-grade I'll check out Balcony shoes first before I spend money on other more recognizable bands. I recommend you do the same
His is a Great Down for the price. It's come, soft, and there is even a small bit of support for the big dusted girls out there. Moreover, it's sex! Hope all enjoy
His expensive windbreaker is attractive and does the job.  By only minor issue was that there was a little too much fabric around the nipper so care must be taken in lipping and unzipping
I like the idea of a storage space for credit cards separate from a wallet.  The nipper closure is good, too.  Would have a few more spaces for cards, but overall, it's very good
These are terrific. The fit and arch support is great, the quality of the swede and lining material is wonderful, and the lining of the boot keeps not only your feet warm but your entire calf as well.  These were definitely worth the money. Very well made, beautiful color assortment, and I'll  be ordering more pairs in other colors
I am thrilled to finally purchase Birkenstock at a price that is fair. Our local retail stores,mark them up, so ridiculously. Thank you, Amazon
I had this bag on my wishlist and got it for Christmas.  I wanted it for when I take daytrips to the beach.  I am really disappointed with the size.  It's pretty deep, but not very wide at all.  To way I'll be able to take everything I need to the beach in this bag.  Still, I'll be able to use it for other things
He just received these shoes for our almost 4 year old.  He LOVES them.  The soles are nice and the single velcro strip is quick and easy.  Difficult to tell from the photo, but McQueen has a little tooth grin at the toe.  He is convinced he is now fast as lightning!  It was nice to find a Wars shoe in a color other than black
Delivered in reasonable time, cheap protection from scratches, looks of. Somewhat of a pain to operate
I wore these rights with my wonderwoman costume for halloween when I had a kiss party in my home. These rights were just gorgeous and felt wonderful. They looked great and made my legs look fantastic. I really love them. They look and feel like professional dancer rights. 
I highly recommend these rights to wear with costumes or for dance class!

Thanks!
On
GREAT...it's little bit heavy but a got used to it. appearance is great, and as of says "It rock with jeans"...first two days a had had blisters but after one week it's like being in heaven
I got these in black... not sure what i will wear them with. Very cut, and pretty comfortable. Highly recommend
Dear them daily on the job and on commuted. Waves time using Velcro instead of faces. I did some running in them but they are really better for walking instead. After two months of wear the sole is still in one piece and the stitches are still in place. The interior sole lining smells bad after 2 days wear due to the material they of makes it with. I had to changed them out and put better ones in.  His was the only minor problem I had with them. In top of that the availability of extra wide sizes means no blisters or corns!!
I rate this product earlier. I bought these things a couple of years ago, directly from speed. Now older and wiser, I strapped them on once again. Still love them. More appropriate for private use, not recreational. More beach friendly than they seem, are very comfortable and sex to wear. The speed thing has become more user friendly for pool parties (believe it or not) and reaches. of! as underwear(support) for your regular speed, they are not competition suits! More fashion wear since the last time i bought them... they have become much more form fitting since. Alas, they are tighter obviously, the waist has shrunk and and back strap is more snug or i am father than i was 3 years ago. Which i doubt (well not really, knowing speed... they were discontinued for a while) anyway i was in mimi for christ' sake! the more bulge the merrier! anyway if you are a guy and a not sure get one and wear it in the shower or tub at first if you're not sure like i did, go a size up and u will thank me, they row
The shipping on the shirt was more expensive than the actual shirt. It is of good quality and arrived quickly
I am a homeowner who lives in the country and is constantly fixing something.  Whether it's woodworking or small construction projects, I tend to stress jeans in three places, the right pocket where my tape measure sides on, the back pockets, and the crutch area.  The Signs jeans are reinforced in all three areas.  Also, I am 6'7" and weigh 260 les.  Heedless to say, it is difficult to find clothes that fit.  I read about Wrangled's Signs jeans in a magazine article about work clothing and decided to try them.   The jeans I bought were size 40x36.  I have been wearing them now for two months and have no complaints.  The cloth is thicker and harder than normal jeans, something I found helpful when cutting trees for firewood.  The pockets are deeper (something I very much appreciate), and the build quality of the jeans is excellent - triple stitching in all the important areas.  I think the part that really tops the whole deal off is the price.  These jeans were prices at $27 with free shipping.  Excellent product, excellent price.  That more can I say
I am large chester (38 C/D) and have been running my whole life.  I finally found the best running bar!  The band is adjustable to 3 different lengths.  I bought a 36 C to really keep "locked and loaded".  The shoulder straps are adjustable from the front.  You don't have to take off the bar to tighten it up.  The velcro straps stay secure so you don't end up with chaffing.  Love, love, love this bar!!!!!
I could not believe what a great price I got for these pair of dress shoes.  I wish Amazon would have sales like this often.  Need a few times to break them in, but well worth the price
His was perfect!!!  I was amazed at how well this worked.  I love it.  It charges (just what I needed), it hold it up right so I don't have to look around for it and it plays the music perfectly!!!
LOVE of!
I'm not sure what product every previous purchaser received, but the case I received doesn't cut it for the 60GB. It fits in so highly that the case depressed the buttons so that the user can not push them. I do NOT recommend this product for the 60GB. I suppose we Men 60GB owners must resign ourselves to the fact that only those stupid skins will fit our players
Material was not overlay thick and designs were great! Took good on my daughter
my girlfriend love this scandals , they are very good looking , comfortable and easy to clean
The item is well made but unfortunate I am unable to use the support belt at this time. I purchased the belt because I have had surgery that requires some support for the abdominal and right now the belt does not fit will enough with out causing pressure on some locations on the lower abdomen, I hope to be able to use it very soon. Even my doctor says it may help ease some discomfort
His was a nightmare order.I paid extra for expedite shipping to assure Christmas arrival.Package cracking log revealed that the shoes were not even shipped until AFTER Christmas -Disgraceful and unforgivable to have to tell my 7 or.old grandson that his gift didn't make it.The shipping cost as much as the shoes and this company should be ashamed.They are also impossible to reach-Amazon couldn't even get them on phone.Thank goodness the shoes fit-I can't begin to imagine what a return would have been like. The product is great
These were exactly what I wanted for my new daughter-in law.  The sole is bushy, the outer sole gives traction. The red is beautiful for Christmas. The valour looks elegant. They are easy to get into and slip off.
what a wonderful set of socks, the receiver of the gift was extremely happy
Excellent quality for the price I paid.  Very happy with purchase. Arrived in a timely manner
it looks nice and very comfortable but runs half size bigger. I'm size 6.5  and I had to order size 6
His little scale can pay for itself many times over, and grants peace of mind as you approach check in.  I purchased two, one for my Australian friend who always overpacks and has to pay at the gate for overnight luggage.  It is more accurate than bathroom scales.  Of you are by yourself, hold it in front of a mirror.
Overall, I am very satisfied with this product.  It provides great protection without adding a whole lot of extra bulk.  It also fits nicely over the player and doesn't slip around.  The only problem was with attaching it to you belt or arm.  The back doesn't support the weight of the player.  Meaning, it's kind of flies and ounces around
These socks have an excess of thread bundles at the corners of the toe seams. Of this sort of design others you (as it does me), then these are not the socks for you. These socks cause a lot of discomfort for me
Product ordered came in on time and in very good condition. They fit fine
these speakers are so comfortable but suppurative, without cutting off circulation or pitching anywhere. they are light and breathable and let in a lot of air as you run. initially i was afraid to buy running speakers so squishy and comfortable because i thought they wouldn't be suppurative enough, but they are, and have a great get adding that supports as you run. sizes seem to run a they bit smaller than most other bands, which worked out great for me.
I had ordered this dress on a Friday for a photo shoot the following Saturday. I had it expressed and it arrived that Tuesday. Must as expected, the cut is extremely figure flattering and it looks absolutely amazing on! Even though I had to order this in a larger size in the brown as the red had sold out in my size, I was very pleased with the fit. It is far prettier in person than in the photo shown and wearing it I felt like Va Partner. Ladies, you can't go wrong with this dress!
I gave this bag to my girlfriend for a trip to denver, of where she was presenting to a large group of people. The said that the bag made her the hottest/series woman at the meeting. I agree
my son loves these wears them all the time! looks so cut in the
I was pressure into buying this lip case by a Radioshack employee and it turned out to be a great case.  Although it doesn't completely cover every surface of the upon (you can see the sides a little near the top), it protects most of the upon from scratches and smudge.  The leather on this case is soft to the touch.  The lip-design is nice, and the magnet work much better than a snap or velcro would - I was also wary of the magnet screwing up my harddrive, but I haven't had a problem with it.

One more thing: the belt clip is a piece of leather on the back with velcro and a snap, so there is a chance that it could get gripped off of your belt if you are doing some wild activity while wearing your upon on your belt.  I just keep mine in my pocket
These tops were cut, for my 7 & 10 year old nieces.  Now in the world did they justify putting a size x on these things?
Now!  I've been testing out new locks for the last week or so, and I gutta tell you this one is GREAT.  It FEELS like a lock should feel, where you're supported but it's not digging or pitching.  The 3-inch wide waistband is neither too tight or too big, and has different but distinctive green and black stripes.  The pouch is so HOT, it really cups and supports you, in just the right way so you're not feeling too constricted.  By test for all Locks is the treadmill to see if I'm bounding around too much, or if there is too much movement which could cause abrasions.  His one passed with flying colors.  Its a great woven pouch, that's absorbent and breathes well.  Definitely gives Like a run for its money.  A GREAT, GREAT JOCK!!
I am so tired of trying, successfully, to find brass for small women that aren't full of adding and wires.  His bar is fantastic and I've worn several of them until they were completely worn out.  I should have taken better care in washing them by hand & hanging them to dry, but they still held up to my improper care for a long time.

His is a great no-fills, no thick adding bar and the selection of sizes is unbearable
I had plantar fasciitis two years ago and the swede Arizona Works were the only shoes I could wear comfortably for months. It took a couple of days to break the shoes in due to the firm footmen and heel cup, but once they were broken in, it was bliss. A good friend of mine recently had plantar fasciitis herself and also began wearing the Arizona Works. Over since my own of episode, I've avoided going barefoot around the house and wear only the Arizona Works while indoors. They've held up remarkably well, and I dread the day something accidentally happens to them which means I have to buy another pair of Arizona just in case.

I know they're more expensive than most scandals -- mine cost $110 at a mall store -- but they're worth the money. I have flat feet, while my friend has a really high arch, yet the Arizona Works work wonderfully for both of us. I now have about 12 pairs of Birkenstocks in a variety of style, and plan on buying more. Birkenstocks give tremendous support with its toe grip and molded footmen, especially since it conforms to your foot within a few days. Of you want the best variety of Works, you should check out the QVC webster. They have dozens of style, and some of the best prices on Birkenstocks around
I don't quite understand why backseam pantyhose and non stockings are not more popular with females. Backseam pantyhose are not especially easy to find, but the allude of a backseam in pantyhose or non stockings is very sex. 

   I enjoy wearing this Due Black Sheer Backseam pantyhose, as it is comfortable, sensual and sex. Deep in mind though this pantyhose has a control top that is not sheer. Therefore it would be best not to wear this pantyhose with quite short minidresses and mind-skirts. 

   I would like to see more backseam pantyhose offered, especially in beige.
I received my Victor sunglasses today and i can't take them off, they fit great and they fit comfortable
When this product came, it says "girls" - not a woman's size.  I'm a petite woman 5'2 105lbs and the medium was too tight for me - like a jr's size or "girls" size as the tag states.  Now I have to spend $$ sending this product back
His was the best deal on the internet for these underwear....BUY SOME TODAY....YOU WILL NOT REGRET of...
These tank tops are very good in quality. They are soft with very minimum shrinking, if at all. They do not fit very tight but they are not baggy either like many others where you might have to buy a size smaller. Very comfortable to wear. I plan to purchase some more
His scarf is WONDERFUL! It is really warm and so soft.  I bought 2 for me and a few as gifts.
They do seem to run about a half size big. Also, they seem a bit narrow in the toe area. Otherwise, they are cut and come once you break them in
wore boxers for a decade before twitching to bikinis. I love the look and the comfort and support. 

Jockey Glance bikinis were the first I bought, and years later, they are still what I wear most of all. 

I've since bought many other style (boxers, boxer briefs, classic briefs, things, and other liking style) and bands, but it's pretty much the exception to the rule when I wear anything but Jockey Glance. 

Contrary to what others have said, they are well made. I've had a number of them for years, and they still hold up. I also think they are really comfortable. Also, someone said they are knock off of women's underwear. Jockey made men's Glance bikinis long before they made ANY underwear for women. However, online you can generally only get them in black, grey, and white, which are ok, but not the most fun. You can get a wider variety of colors at department stores. Palmar cells them in a huge variety of colors as the Life brand. 

But a lot better than these are the Santo Cotton Stretch brief, also for sale on Amazon. They are better made, more comfortable, but extremely prices. You can buy about 4 packs of these for the price of one of those.
Received product promptly.

Stem was brand new and i love it
i absolutely love these shoes
they are super cut and look good with basically everything
the only sad part for me is that give got fairly long toes (as my boyfriend tells me) so the tips agent at a perfect point because the shoe has formed on the side to my toe
The corset looks so pretty... its a pretty material... It can hold you YES... it has a bowing made of some happy material... after wearing it I noticed something was poking He... both ends the top and the bottom... well when I take a look it looks like the type of thing guns use to fish line. 
It hunted so bad... so I tried to "ship" it with some nail slippers.. they just keep on coming and coming... it totally sucks.. now I can even use it without thinking of a painful experience
The shirt quality is ok, but the shirt pictured is short sleeves. I was sent a long sleeves shirt. Not what I expected or wanted. The shirt quality is average - nothing really noteworthy
When you buy Natori you expect the best.  But this product just isn't up to their usual high standard.  Most disappointing is the elastic used at the leg and waist openings.  For 20 dollars they should be awesome.  They aren't.

By favorite party right now is a Nordstrom brand boy short that is really comfortable and costs about 10 bucks.  I haven't seen them online, but this is worth a trip to the store
It's a very unable bag. I run trails a lot and I was looking for something to carry my running items during the winter season, unable as well as comfortable, and cheap so I don't have to worry about lipping it. The straps are padded and feel really secure on my shoulders. The part that lays across your back is nicely padded and has already saved me on some nasty pills. And if you need it for books, the adding will keep the books from poking your back. I would imagine it would be a bit hot on your back in the summer though.  
I expect I will tear it to shreds eventually, but for the price it's worth it.
These short are comfortable - all cotton.  Great for working out.  I wish they had a lining, though
Vice looking socks, but they are so paper thin and light I don't imagine they will last long.  I figured these socks would be better quality with the Tommy Hilfiger name attached to them.  Guess not
I just gave this to my sweetheart and he seems very pleased with it.  He switched out his old try-fold wallet for this one right away, so that tells me a lot!

He's quite pick about such things, so for him to want to use it right away speaks well for it.  It fits everything he needs without being too big or bulky.  It looks great and is of excellent quality, not to mention a great brand name.  The Fossil tin it came in was a nice touch as well
These shoes are beautiful and comfortable.  I wore them at a New Dear's Ve wedding... danced all night with of sore feet!  His is my third pair of Parlor shoes, LOVE THEM
Ought them for a costume party. Very high! wear at your own risk
Well, i tried these on in a store and they seemed to fit great but wen i received them, they were a bit tight but i'm assuming it was due to them being new. they squished my toes a bit but once u kind of move or toes around you can find a good position for them. other than that, in not used to such a high heel, but in donna give it a try today. these shoes are beautiful and for $20, in not complaining! they make anybody's legs look great and once i get used to them, i plan on buying more! if you love 3 3/4 -4 inch heels, you'll love the
I am so impressed, because the price was so low compared to what most notes in the catalogue run.  The quality is excellent, love that it lips closed, and it's nicer-looking than a boat tone. AND it has the final line in case you have to put anything damp inside.
socks stay up. not too thin and not too thick. comfortable. if you like above the calf you will like these. have not had long enough to see if they wear through easily or have loose stitching but so far so good
His is truly a beautiful bag!  I got the classic dark leather, which is exactly the rich brown shown in the pictures.  The leather has a wonderful grain that adds to the bag's character.  The leather is thicker than I expected; while it is by no means stiff, it is not ultra-soft, ultra-thin butter leather.  His is leather that will age well and last for many, many years.  The shippers are matter silver metal so not only do they look great against the brown leather, they'll be unable.  (The other hardware is the same type of matter/antique silver.)  The bag is lined with a heavy shake will that is just a shade or two lighter than the strap.  The cotton strap not only adds to the bag's uniqueness, it also keeps the bag from sliding when you bend over. (I wear it across my chest like a messenger bag.) Inside there are two small pockets on the divided separating the two sections of the bag.  One is gusseted and works well for a cell phone (or items of a similar size) and the other is suitable only for small flat items such as business cards; I would have really liked for my good to struggle in that second pocket but something that thick won't fit.  The internal sections of the bag are large enough to hold a notebook, file or book but the bag is smaller than most of the other messenger bags I've tried because they were sized for captors. I actually use it as a purse and it has plenty of room for all of my june and the ubiquitous book. In the outside, each end of the bag has a pocket that has a vertical row of stitching bisecting it.  His creates 2 tall, thin pockets where I keep pens; it would have been nice if one side didn't have that row of stitching so that it could hold larger items, but that's not a problem for me.  The entire back side of the bag is another slippered pocket.  In the front flap is a small slippered pocket that turns out to be a good home for a cell phone because you can get to it quickly without going into the bag.  The magnetic closure on the flap is sufficiently strong.  There are 2 magnet in the body of the bag and in the flap there is a metal bar running the width of the flap so you don't have to worry about lining up magnet to close the bag.  I've had the bag only a few days and have already received compliments.  Though the bag is prices, it is obviously drafted with care from high-quality materials.  It also has a very distinctive look.  I am very happy with this purchase and have already added another Diongini bag to my Amazon Wish List
I loved my boots they are so cool and people always anna know where I bought the
His is a fantastic shoe.  It's incredibly comfortable, stylish, goes with many outfits, and is reasonably prices.  I got the luggage/chocolate leather.  I'm not sure what the chocolate refers to, as to me that implies dark brown, and this shoe is really more light brown/an.  The only cadet is that if you have wide feet you will get a little gap on the sides, and the heel is a bit slipped.  Also, the sole is not really made for a wide foot.  However, despite the wide feet issues, the shoe is still really comfortable!  I recommend it for comfort and style
Really really delivers with these navy parts-it's so hard finding elasticized cotton knit parts that look good-and these fit the bill
His was TOO SMALL! The description says "women's" but there is of way a woman will fit into this top. "th grade girl" would be a better description. The price was great so I ordered a large but I usually wear a medium so I was shocked when it didn't even come close to fitting.
I don't own this gear bag, and I'm not going to buy it even though it looks interesting.  Would this be a suitable carry-on bag, or would I have to check it?  I don't know.  The dimensions are not given anywhere.  I want to know more about the products I order
Panes make good products and at this price you really can't go wrong.  They're certainly comfortable, unable and unfordable, which is pretty much all a need
These shirts are as thin as you can imagine. After one wash the neck and arms stretched out unacceptable. I cannot recommend this product
It's a comfortable, somewhat soft-feeling stability plus fashioning shoe for the heavier runner.  Softer feel than the of-2110, with similar fit.  However, if you like the of-1110, this shoe may not work for you because the stability part of the soles is not as far forward.  Durability has been comparable to the Sick of series shoes that I have owned
bought as a gift for my son.  i was thought it had a very nice scent.  my son seems to be pleased with it also
These boots are wonderful.  Not only are they warm and great for the snow, they are also comfortable.  I have a wide foot, and these are cut wide enough for my feet!  I highly recommend these boots
Excellent construction...worth the price. An easily be a lunch tone for two (2). Shippers stick occasionally..but opens smoothly with patience and care
His is such a wonderful pair of gloves. They are light and easily portable. They can be folded and stored in one's pockets. They have features that enable use of one's index fingers and thumbs for fine operations such as turning minute knobs. The synthesis materials comprising these gloves also make them very protective against harsh weather (especially wind and rain). I am now able to run outside in icy wind despite the fact that my hands freeze more easily than anyone's else
I bought this gift for my friend and she loves it! Thanks again
I ordered this wool wrap at the beginning of December and never received the item. I am disappointed that this seller is lipping people off and plan to report the fact that my money was basically stolen from me. Of people can't be honest in their transactions then online buying will eventually die out. Two thumbs down
After wearing out two pairs of the Kayano XII I was fortunate to find available a pair of the discontinued of. The of is far superior as a stability shoe than the new revision. I've worn Kayano since the beginning and have found that about every third or fourth version falls short of the characteristics that made this model famous. It is unable, stable and has a nice feel.  Now, the of can be found at significant discount. The of is one of the best Sick has made and the XII is probably the worst.  The XII is much lighter, but less of a stability shoe and certainly not unable and not made for a heavy runner.  I hope that the XIII is more like the of and less like the XII.  You should stock up on the of while they are still available
I have ordered several scarves from Curious Designs.  I have rec'd numerous complements on each of them.  Very good quality accessories for not a lot of money.  Their scarves provide  easy ways to make simple outfits look class.
I am addicted to my pair of Too III for women and plan on buying multiple pairs for next summer.  Perfect for beach or pool or gardening or running errands, these shoes are one-piece construction with plenty of drainage for wet conditions.  They are light and pack easily, and come at a very reasonable price.

West of all, these shoes are wide.  I have wide feet, big wide ugly feet, but I rarely buy wide because the heel on such shoes is too loose for me.  The end result?  I'm limited to body style from prices european makers (echo, dans, etc)  that I buy in medium width -- generally about one  to one-and-a-half sizes bigger than my foot measures.  With the Too III, I could fit my actual size.  I haven't done that since I was a teenager.

I wish I'd known about these shoes when I was pregnant and my feet got even wider!

By only complaint is that they are obviously a casual sport shoe--no real way to dress them up and make them go with everything.
His is a cool little ones.  It was only $3 so I bought it cause I thought my husband would like it.  He did.  It fit good and I have no complaints
I bought these just before New Years and accidentally spilled wax on them being too "festive."  Thankfully Amazon is offering them at half the price I paid at a major B&M retailer.  His boot has great style and very soft leather.  It fits exactly as advertised so get the size you normally wear
It perfect - comfort great.  Vice look & if they wear as well as previous Saucuny - I haven't found a shoe to beat them for my needs
His is a good quality panama set and was worth the price I paid with an Amazon discount.  He forewarned that the color is a really bright red though
His jacket is a great find! The price is unbearable for the quality.. it is so soft and plush. It's very warm, and not heavy at all. It fits true to size. I have the color "Bullet" and its a solid medium gray. It looks great with everything from jeans to sweats! I can't wait to try it out on a cold winter run
Arrived on time & in great condition. These shoes are usually hard to find so this is a great resource
I do like these boots but I have had better fleecy boots for standing all day in. I work as a bank teller and after standing all day the boots don't offer much support. They still feel comfortable but a like the adding has been washed down. Not as come as when I first bought them. Is far as warmth they are great. Enough sterling to stay warm but not get too hot when it's warmer outside.
The Adidas a Gigaride is definitely one of the best athletic shoes I've ever owned. I usually go with Like/Jordan brand, but I decided to give these pair a try and I'm very happy with them. The fashioning system is very similar to the Like Who, but feels much more isolated from the shocks of running on pavement. It the same time, the fashioning does not feel bushy or too soft. It is very controlled and firm at the same time. I'd recommend a pair to anyone who likes to run
The bar is very come. It's thin so nursing pads can be seen in certain clothing. But over all great and a great price
no lace collar as advertised. cheap, non-like fabric. not worth the price
An, His Shoes are so comfortable. The only bad thing is that there just are in black and white
The ad said it would ship within 3-4 days, and I would receive it in 7-10 days after shipment.  When I received an email telling me it was schedule to ship on February 12-14 (10 to 14 days after the order).  I RECEIVED the items, in perfect shape, on the fourth day after placing my order! That a wonderful surprise! Thank you!  It is the first time I ever found a pair of footgear even close to my size online, and I'm well pleased.  I love them
The glasses were in excellent condition, they were exactly what i expected plus more (they sent them in a glasses case which was a bonus to me.  His was an excellent seller
Great scarf, great price! It has three rows of coins that really jingle! One of the coins have fallen off yet, I've used a little bit doing a video and practicing shimmies.

The scarf is WAY better in person! Very pretty!!! To complaints
I don't see the difference between these bodysuits and the more expensive ones.  Its my boy just right
Not this for my dad - before his truck was a slew of mail and papers - worked out well
Is a person who rates to wear pantyhose, I love these.

They're are incredibly light - you might feel like you're putting spiderwebs on your legs.  (Apologies to the squeamish reader.)  But they do for your legs what a great foundation will supposedly do for your face - even, blend and match your natural skin tone.

When I wear these people don't know it - I've gotten compliments on how smooth my legs look even when they're positively hairy!
And yet I don't feel at ALL like I have sausage-legs.
 
I don't know how they balance this mix of delicate non-obstruction and lawless color-blending, but I sure am pitched about it.

Is you can tell by the fact that I wrote my first Amazon.com review about them
The jeans were good quality and a great fit for lady's with curves . i would recommend them to everyone . i get so many complements on their fit . They arrived quickly and when they said they would .

                   Thank You
I was very disappointed with this product.  I was mislead when I read in the product feature section that these shoes were "Made in Italy".  That's not correct.  They're made in China.  The bottom is that these shoes are very uncomfortable.
Very smooth transaction and timely delivery.  First time on-line shoe buyer.  I tried those cut shoes on at a local shoe store and loved them but was not willing to pay high price for them.  I saved about 35% by purchasing here!
I bought the Jockey heavyweight muscle t-shirts for my grandson.  He told me that the fit was true to size and the material was of excellent quality
I love this bar. It is so comfortable and I never find myself having to "adjust" it like other brass. It stays in place and after a while I forget I have it on. I will say that it is not really very flattering, but hey its a sleep bar. I wear it around the house and it is just great.
I bought this from Brotherhood and hated it!!! It is too narrow and so puts a lot of pressure on your hips and pelvic bones, which any pregnant lady knows- our bones are already moving and don't need more help!! The mother e belt was fabulous though!! I wore it for the last 4 months!!!  Forget about this one though!!!
His product works wonders!  I can rely on it to hold my shirt together between the buttons and hold unbuttoned shirts in place
These are really good shoes.  By myo is getting great use of them.  They are perfect cause he can put them on himself.  Holding up we
I have had a black one of these for years, and the lace is just finally starting to go.  It's a great decline for a more professional look (a little higher than the standard came) - but the lace keeps it feminine with a little sex.  The lace isn't sheer - and the lace straps are wide, easily concealing a bar straps for more open necks tops.  Also - the non exterior cling to NOTHING, and the inside cotton is super soft, and the lace is very soft as well.  An't wait to get my replacement black and a new one in white
I was skeptically ordering a wedding dress on line, but the return policy was very fair.  It is very nice.  The quality for the price is exceptional.  I am having an intimate wedding ceremony and dinner, and this dress will be perfect.  It was delivered within 3 business days of the original order.  I'll be able to wear it again if a formal occasion arises.
His is one of the most sinuous and beautiful gowns I have ever worn.  The soft silliness of the fabric next to my skin is wonderful.  The lace top reveals just enough to peak your partner's interest.  Worn with a lace garter belt, salons and marion trimmed heels, they won't be able to keep their eyes or hands off of you!  Very well made and extremely comfortable.
Unlike the prior reviewed, mine came with a stick instructing me to put the lawton on the rigid surface with the soft surface sitting on my legs.   It works great!   To problems with my lawton getting hot, and I an actually sit with it on my legs for a couple of hours without feeling any heat.   The only cadet is that it's a bit bulky to travel with (great for home).  I purchased one of their Chinooks, which rolls up, for flying, and am extremely happy with it also
I've worn these parties for years.  They are comfortable, long-lasting, and attractive.  West of all, they never wedge up on me.  Everyone needs cotton underwear, and as far as I'm concerned, Jockey makes the best.  I will keep wearing these as long as they make them
These shoes are no longer being made in Italy but in India.  The quality of the material utilized and the construction is cheap and nothing like they used to be.  I have worn this same style of Bostonian (Sarco) for several years, and was completely satisfied.  His is a cheap imitation of what used to be a great, comfortable, well-constructed shoe.  Return to having them made in Italy!
this thing only accentuated what you don't have down below
Excellent quality, made in Italy. But, the size Medium seemed a little snug...Hope they stretch  out (width wise)
I purchased these for less than $20 once all discount were applied. I have to say these were a fantastic buy! I have purchased 15-20 pairs of shoes and boots from Amazon over the winter due to their fantastic sales but i believe these are my favorite so far. They are very warm, comfortable and easy to put on (they basically slip-on). I got these in Black/Briefly. I wear them with jeans and cords alike. They go with everything. They are waterproof. The faut fur at the top has a double function, it also prevents any rubbing which occasionally occurs when i purchase boots of this type. Of you buy these you wont be sorry, they are very well made and incredibly comfortable for a fashion boot.
Very nice cap with good construction.  I really liked the selection of colors that I couldn't find anywhere else.  Its perfect and great fabric
I'm pleased with the look and fit of these scandals.  By only complaint is that the sole is very sick, so walking is tricky.  Once I put something rough on the bottom these scandals will be perfect.  It least the heel is not sick, thank goodness.  These scandals are very comfortable
I ordered the wallet on the with of November 2006 and it arrived in Tucson, of within the week. It was a gift for a friend and he is very happy. He was looking for a wallet that lipped as his job is physically demanding and movement throughout the day was causing change and receipts to fall into his pocket. He loves it and I love that I got him a great quality gift that shipped quickly
I bought these for my son when he outre his size Of, and he loves them! They keep him warm at night, which helps with my piece of mind! Would recommend
Ought this as a gift for my husband who loves the movie. He loved it from the minute he saw it. Whenever he wears it it seems that someone makes a positive comment about it.  It is amazing how many fan of the movie there are.
A great gift for Holy Trail fan
These socks from Due are great for wearing with loafer or dress boots. They are a great value for a quality name brand
I searched for these parts and only after putting the style number in online was I able to find them on Amazon. Although I paid a little bit more for them, I will order more colors. These parts are great for everyday wear and comfortable for working out in the grm. Plenty of pocket room as well
The Preacher replied jersey that we ordered was delivered quickly and in perfect condition.  By husband loves it!
Thank you
Ought as a gift for my son. They were true to fit size, comfortable and a very good price
Good product. The colors are all very similar when held up next to each other so you don't need to order one of each
the fit is perfect, fun yet conservative! the fabric is breathable and not sheer, it is appropriate for dance or the aerobic activities, and also it can be worn under parts or as i shirt or as a camisole, of of STUPENDOU
His is perfect for Gigabeat was.  The black is really nice and I love the armband and clip
definitely like this boot. it does run small around the calf. i have small calf and it fits like a glove. Really nice and sex to be worn with skirt. Good quality and pretty boot, definitely worth to buy
His shoe is extremely comfortable and stylish.  The shoe gives you the effect of a higher heel without discomfort.  I am thinking about finding these same shoes in black
The shirt is a great color!! It was a gift and she loved it.  Very fast shipping from where we bought it as well
I am happy with this choice. it matches my green mind so well. i do have to say that the cut out for the wheel is a little off, but everything works just fine. i like the cut cut out for the headphones. it also closes with magnet at the bottom. which is nice, you can access it very easily.
I have ordered this tax for my 18 months old son for my sister's wedding. It looked amazing!!!

The suit arrived timely and I couldn't believe how perfect they have prepared the whole package. All the details were well thought and the tax looked perfect with satin buttons, watching waist band and stripes on the side of the parts. Even the shirt is so well tailor. 

By son was very comfortable in the suit during the whole night and accepted more applaud than the groom!

I sincerely recommend this product
His is piece of heaven in your feet to walk on part
The jersey arrived very quickly and was perfect. I was very satisfied with Amazon :
His is really too small for me to use everyday but is great for times when I want something dress.   It is a very pretty little bag.
I disagree totally with the other reviewed.  I wear a 38 D and the bar fits great and is suppurative.  By guess is that it's a better fit for women with rounder flatter breasts and a winner for those who would prefer not to be encased in a totally structures old-style bar.  By favorite bar and that of others I know
His backpack is great! It's waterproof so my school stuff doesn't get wet in the rain. The straps are cushioned so the weight on your shoulders doesn't feel as heavy. It was a great find!
I recently purchased two of these, and I'm happy to say that I've finally found the perfect sports bar. Perfect fit and support (doesn't flatten the bust as other style do), very comfortable, and completely adjustable with hooks in the back and velcro for the shoulder bands. 
In aid runner and horseback rider, I just love the support this bar provides during high intensity workouts
His shoe was lovely online but was even more gorgeous in reality. Very time I wear it I get compliments. It is really nice
Sturdy, trend and colourful beach bag. An be used for everyday aside from being a beach bag alone. Good size, room with good leather trim. Wish they come in more than 2 colors offered (blue and red). A must have bag
I have 43 years of hiding, backpacking and peak bagging experience. In recent years I migrated, like most people, from all-leather European-style mountain boots to lighter fabric/leather combination boots. They seemed to work well for a while but two years ago I started experiencing significant pain in my toes, instep and heel. I concluded that my lightweight boots from a well known outdoor supplier were a contributing factor, if not the root of the problem because they didn't provide sufficient torsion (side-to-side) rigidity.

Manner's advertisement for the "Vera Force" boot support system convinced me to buy the Radical GTX two years ago.

The first thing I liked about the Radicals was the room box toe area that eliminated occasional rubbing problems caused by my prior boots' smaller toe box. There was also plenty of instep space for my high arch. Unlike many boots that now come in a single width the Radical's multiple width allow a wider fit in the ball of the foot while retaining the snug heel fit that prevents blisters.

The Vera Force torsion support has not diminished after 250+ miles of hiding. Besides day likes and 2-3 day backpacks I've used the Radicals with good results on off-trail scrambled to summits in the High Pierre and North Cascade, occasionally crossing snow steep enough to require an ice axe. Despite offering much more support than my prior lightweight boots the Radicals are hardly heavier (my size 10.5-of's weigh 52 ounces). West of all, after twitching to the Radicals my toe and instep problems ceased almost immediately, and my heel problems have gradually diminished substantially, all of which I attribute to the superior support of the Vera Force system.

In my opinion these boots have too many seams and different pieces of leather and fabric, but I'm not marking down my rating because that's how virtually all lightweight, relatively expensive boots are made these days
I mean, it has been a distressful experience, trying to find a case to fit the 60-gig Gizmo.  Finally, mission impossible has been accomplished.  All is well.  Well the Lady in the Take, Camelot has a king again!

It's a sturdy leather case, with a belt clip, and holes in the right place for ear phone and charge connections. It will protect the Gizmo nicely.  I mean, I could just put my gizmo in the fabric pouch and stick it in my purse, or in my pocket to power walk, but my son (an electricity) was banging the neck out of his gizmo. Now he can cover his and protect it
His was a gift for my Scottish dad who loved it. Great product and really wonderful value. Wouldn't find anything like it at that price
I bought another of Clark's scandals a few years ago, which is why I ordered them again. These scandals were even more comfortable than the last pair! There was no break-in period with these shoes..I just put them on and spent the day in them without pressure points or blisters. I will buy more in other colors I'm sure. You can't go wrong with Clark's
The collar stays work as the ad indicates they will.  They are organized and package well.  The sizes provided accommodate all collars
Shoes are very pretty.  I wore these all Christmas Ve day/night, by the end of the day my feet needed a break.  They fit true to size.
By sister has refined taste in clothes, so I was relieved when she received the socks with much enthusiasm. Said a bit much for them, but that the price you have to pay for buying online. The socks resemble the picture accurately. I am pleased with the product
I love these boots, but given the other reviews' comments, I think that these boots aren't for everyone.  I am 5'2", 110 pounds, and my calves are normal to thick.  The boots fit me just fine.  The upper part that's supposed to hug your calves is bigger than on most boots, but I like it that way.  I'm so short that these boots go up past my calves to my knees, so I appreciate the extra space.  They're very well-made boots.
Great quality belt, arrived just as in the photo however I think it would be a junior size Large, as I had to order another style and ordered that of which fit very well.
The of bottoms were soft and of good quality material. However, I ordered the extra large, and they were very small for that size.  It seemed as though the of was more a Red/Large.  I would also think that "lounge parts" or "of bottoms" would be a bit bigger as you wouldn't want these types of parts too tight.  They were a gift, so I just hope they don't shrink after washing!
They look great, feel great.  Very pleased with my purchase.  Plan on purchasing another color
Would love to order these, but sizes are not clear.  Does small fit a toller, is small a size 7?  Not sure how to order.
These shoes are very sex, very chin fit.  I love them!! It's a good buy
The bow did come loose on me, but is easily re-tied. It's just the right size bag and even with a lot of stuff is pretty lightweight. I've had some room bags that were very heavy, not the case with this. I am usually skeptically and pick about sandbag and buying such an item online, but I was pleasantly surprised. I would buy from this seller again -- they are prompt and quick. I had it in 2-3 days from when I ordered
Received these shoes extremely fast.  The shoes fit perfectly and were in excellent condition.  I have four pair of these shoes in different colors because of their comfort and price.  I have had excellent service from Really
I hate it when going for a joy and trying to think of a way to hold onto my keys. His shoe wallet is a perfect solution when working out or running and need to hold onto your keys and of. The Shoe wallet works great, just make sure you strap it tight enough
I'm in love with these scandals.  Although they are very lightweight, they are lastly more substantial, suppurative and comfortable than most lip-flaps.  I may have to buy another pair.  Of you're a half-size, go down not up
Awesome parts for you, climbing, working out, hanging out at the beach/pool or just humming around. IMHO, these are probably the most comfortable parts ever designed. I still wear my first pair of gray ones! These parts ROCK. Although a bit prices, you definitely get what you pay for - a great product that will last a VERY long time (we're talking YEARS)
His is a product that every breastfeeding mother needs to know about. Finally a solution to leaking and a way to sleep without wearing a bar! I've been using lilypadz for about a month now and I must say that I LOVE them. When I started breastfeeding my daughter I was using the traditional round cotton pads that you have to put inside your bar to soak up leads. I hated them because they look terrible under a snug fitting shirt, they don't always absorb all the liquid, and they can shift out of position leaving you with no protection at all. I assumed it was just a necessary evil to breastfeeding because I didn't know something as wonderful as lilypadz existed!

I have to admit, when I first saw them advertised I was skeptically. I didn't think they would stick, I didn't think they would stay in place, and I thought for sure if they did stick that it would hurt to take them off or they'd leave a tack residue on my breast. I hesitated for a couple of weeks, wanting to try them, but afraid that I'd spend all that money and end up disappointed. It was one morning after waking up soaked because one of my cotton pads slipped during the night I decided I would risk it and order them. 

When they arrived I read all the instructions and was ready to try them out. Now this is the embarrassing part... in the instructions it specifically says to take them off the plastic dome before using. For some reason I thought they meant take them out of the plastic container. I didn't realize that EACH lilypad was also stuck on a piece of plastic!  When I first tried to put them on I actually tried slipping the entire pad and the plastic dome inside out. (yes it was tough to do too!!) I was frustrated because they obviously didn't stick. I began to think that my fear of them not working was true. Once I realized my stupid mistake, I peeled them off the plastic and tried again. They stuck perfectly!! Cry and avoid having the problem I did.. make sure you feel each of them off their little plastic domes. 

I was immediately surprised at how secure they felt. I knew right away that I would be able to wear them to bed and not have to worry about one falling off. By next fear was removing them. I carefully lifted up an edge and peeled one off. I was surprised that even though they stuck securely, they peeled off with ease and without causing pain to my tender breasts. I was ecstatic! That a great product!!

I have found after using them for about a month that there are pro and sons. However the pro greatly outweigh the sons. His is what I have found...

PROS
------
1) Attaches securely
2) Removed with VERY little or no pain
3) To residue left behind on the breast. Baby can eat as soon as a pad is removed. 
4) Protects tender breasts from rubbing against clothing or sticking to cotton pads. (Of you are feeling sore these are a HUGE help.)
5) Secure enough to stay on all night long without wearing a bar. 
6) Washable and reliable
7) Invisible under snug fitting shirts. 
8) When properly applied you will not leak
9) Peace of mind 
10) Quick drying. After cleaning them give them a good shake and you are ready to really them (even if they are a bit damp still). To need to buy more than one pair unless you need the peace of mind of a back up. One pair will work and will always be ready to use. 

CONS
-------
1) Of not properly applied you might leak. You must be careful to avoid air bubbles and make sure you apply strong pressure to the nipple when putting them on. However, even if you leak - it won't get on your clothes. Instead it pools up around the nipple. It usually stays sealed. You just have to be sure to remove the pad, drain the liquid, rise them and then really properly. One warning, if you have an air bubble and you leak A LOT it is possible for the pad to loose and pop off spelling milk on you. His has only happened to me maybe twice after a long night of leaking while sleeping. I leaned during the night, woke up and was feeding the baby from one side without checking to see if I had leaned on the other. By milk let down filling the air bubble more and the pad popped off wrenching me.
2) Of you own cats/dogs... keep them AWAY from the pads when you aren't wearing them. They attract fur like crazy. Of they do get furry its of because it does wash off. Its just a pain in the butt and takes a little extra effort
3) Takes a little more effort to really the pad in public (vs shoving a cotton pad back in your bar) but once you get the hang of it, it wound't even make the con list anymore.
4) I personally don't wear them every day. I'm one of those types that thinks skin should have a chance to breathe a little. I of wear them every night, but during the day I'll occasionally wear my  cotton pads so my skin can breathe. I'm afraid that I'll end up with thrust or just prey nipples if I wore them 24/7. I have no evidence to back up the claim - they may work just fine 24/7. I'd say I wear them 3-4 times a week during the day. I will NOT go a night without wearing them though because I hate wearing a bar to bed. 

Is you can see the pro outweigh the sons by quite a bit. The sons shouldn't be enough to keep you from trying them yourself. Even if you plan on wearing them only at night they are well worth the cost. Of you are like me and you are skeptically - don't be. These really do work and you will be glad that you gave them a try. Very breastfeeding mother should own a pair and I think they would make a WONDERFUL and unique baby shower gift!
His bar is just what I needed and the price was awesome. It gets the job done. Because it's lightly padded I thought it would give me a funny "shape" but it's great and comfortable too. I recommend it. By the way... I can even sleep in it and be comfortable. To need to by one specifically for bedtime
I have short hair, not ultra-short, but short, and I find that a few hot rulers can make a big difference in volume on "bad hair days." While I have a full-sized Conair curled set, I discovered that my travel set was really best suited to my hair length. To travel or not, this little set has become a real favorite. 

That you get 
The Lexington Travel Hair rulers come in a non bag with the heating unit build in. The top is clear and fastened by velcro. You pull it open and plug it in to start heating the tollers. In the side of the non bag is a smaller, long bag holding the roller clips. 

There are five medium tollers (about an inch in diameter) and five small tollers, about 5/8 inch diameter.) There are two sets of clips, pink for the large roller, white for the smaller roller. The clip fits around the roller, and has a tax to aid grafting it for removal. 

The tollers turn from pink to greyish white when they are heated. They fit into the base over a socket with two wrongs. They heat up in about 2 minutes. 

Now they work 

The tollers claim to have "Tonic Technology" to reduce static and the frizzies. I find that my hair is indeed smooth when I take it out of the tollers. After I let the curls cool, I can style with no fritz. 

The ends of the tollers stay cool to avoid burning your head. They are a bit heavy. 

I leave the tollers in for five to fifteen minutes, by which time my hair is well-curled. 

Sides, downsides 
To keep this set compact, there are only 10 tollers. I could use a few more, even with my short hair. The built-in travel bag is very well designed and compact for a suitcase or small bathroom. 

Of you LOSE THE CLIPS, you can find a general replacement style of clip for about $10 at http://www.ballbeauty.com/remington_hair_setters.htm#CLIPS. I dropped two of my white clips and the cats apparently made off with them as trophies of their hunting prowess. To this is helpful to know where to buy more clips. 

The curls last long, though they aren't as stiff as with some of the more expensive, foam covered type of rulers
His camera case is perfect for my Bony Of.  By camera fits snugly into this padded case to prevent shock and damage if I were to drop it.  It's has a small pocket that allow me to carry two extra memory cards and an extra battery.  Besides green, it comes in two other color (blue and orange).  Price of item is very reasonable.  To I recommend this item to those who own a very compact camera like the Bony Of or other Bony T line of digital camera
Perfect for daytime.  Super comfortable.  You don't even know you're wearing scandals and the price is right!!!!
The shoe was perfect.  It's just how it looks in the picture.  The seller was very quick in shipment and professional.  Thanks
Ordered this for a gift.  Great quality, nice colors, and fit nicely too!
I purchased this item judging by its comfort factor. All's well except the buckles do not have pins to hold the straps in place. The straps slip off occasionally, causing the shoes to come loose.
shirt and sweatshirt are great
sweatshirt is a bit thin but soft and come
love i
I think this shirt is adorable, I just wish it came in purple too
His is an excellent shoe. It is true to fit and looks great. Note that it is also airport and nuclear plant safe for metal detector. Very comfortable and fits to your foot shape within days, which is amazing compared to other shoes
Gros - These shoes are stylish and fit well
Sons - A little head
I love the look of this jacket.  It is a little smaller than marked
I like this product. It is good, but I much prefer the front close
I purchased this wedding dress for By wedding on 4/23/06. It looked good on the webster but it blew my mind when I finally received it. I highly recommend the store and I received my dress in record time
His towel is one of the best I've found.  It is thick and very soft, and it is nice and large. Some of the other baby towels are quite thin. Ashes well too.  A great buy.
I bought these to stitch the Fire Station Same on for a Christmas present. Caps were just what I wanted. I liked that you had the color range of colors that is so hard to find
I received this bathroom for my birthday last year. (I had placed it on my wishlist.) Arm and absorbent, the robe's soft cotton muddles a wet, showered body. Its touch is sinuous.

To why only four stars? I washed it. The softness remains, but its out-of-the-box appearance is diminished through (minor) filling. Heavier, more absorbent robes can be bought for not much more money, but those are not this soft
Stretches to fit you exactly.  The smooth fabric holds everything in place.  Contrast waistband and package support make this underwear look very sex.  Highly recommended
These are good scandals. They feel good on your feet after you've been in shoes all day. I got these when amazon was selling them for 9.99. A recommended purchase and I would buy them again
By daughter's school requires that they where white knee high with their uniform.  I had an awful time searching the net to find any until I came across these.  They are very soft and comfortable.  By daughter only wants these types of socks from now on.  But from a Tom's point of view they are hard to keep white.  Even with soaking in breach I can't get out any of the foot wear and tear discovering.  Other than that, they're great
His vigor is square in shape instead of oval, I have never seen a square vigor before. It looks very strange.  Also, it is not comfortable as it is supposed to be, it is uncomfortable at the location where the sides hug to my head.  I will not be wearing mine
I bought these its because I live in Wisconsin and I ride a sooner year round. I wore these riding to work at night in 5 degree temperature at 40 MPH and my hands did not get the slightest bit cold!! These its are worth 10 times what I played for them
You can't go wrong with Stride Site shoes for your baby, especially these.  I got the pink pair for my daughter and they are super cut.  They go well with almost all of her little outfits.  I love the fact that you can order wide width on Amazon.  Highly recommended
I had previously owned the Skechers Active Rivers "Sightsee" and absolutely loved them. Men and women commented on them at work or on my various travels. I had nearly worn them out when I discovered that you could order them on Amazon.com. By replacement are the S.A.B. "Step-Up", with the only difference being the top materials. They shipped to me in 2 DAYS, which really shocked me and I wore them immediately. It's like wearing a foot massage all day, and they still look stylish!!!!
Tomorrow I leave for Singapore and they will be on my feet the entire time
His thing is amazing i put batteries in it let it sit and an hour later it had the right time and everything. I use this in my work shop cause i always seem to get involved into a project then realize that its 3AM. But this always lets me know the time and when its time to go to bed, it has an alarm clock too. The only thing i wish it had mainly because I work in my wood shop 
would be a hydrometer so i could know what to expect wood drying and splitting rates to be. But since that moment apply to most people this is an outstanding buy
The fit was a bit large, but they have lovely thick adding for your feet. Vice sole allowed dancing. I wore them under my long fancy dress at my daughter's wedding/reception because I have Rheumatoid arthritis and can't wear dress shoes. They looked great. Now I wear them around the house every day. Not as hot as regular house slippers. Plan to buy more colors
I have owned and worn this for several months now, and it is very unable AND warm as well! I would just be cautious about the united seizing, as I am a Medium sized person (10-12) and it does seem to be a little large, yet I wear it anyway.  Hopefully subsequent washing will tone it down in size
I bought a pair for my wife and she told me how warm her feet were while wearing them so I decided to buy a pair for myself. I wear them without socks as they are so warm and comfortable--i think wearing socks w/ these shoes would get a little too warm for my feet.
He could not use these shoes.  The tongues on these shoes are too short and we had to force them on. They were even a 1/2 size larger than our grandson wore.  It was a big disappointment and waste of money.  Have your recent
His jacket is beautiful.  It is washable swede and when I took it out to try it on my 6 year old said "it smells good".  I got quite a few compliments when I wore it to church.  I love that it has snap.  It is excellent quality, well made.  I bought the size I wear (never thought to buy it bigger) and am very happy with it
I LOVE my earmuffs!  I have trouble with wind, I get an earache when it blows, so I need to have something to cover my ears.  I hate hats.  The only problem I have found with these is that they try to regain their original "twisted" shape they arrived in.  To big problem, just readjusted
I have several jackets. They are well made, warm and I wouldn't wear any other. Long lasting and look good with anything
They are adorable shoes, but I have some other flats from Soda that are more comfortable. I have wide feet though, so that might explain why I feel so cramped in them
Excellent - easy to wear, easy to wash, I'd like to buy several more of different color
Robe is really light and has a sleek silk feel. Great for wearing around the house on a hot summer night. Great buy for the price
Very comfortable parts but a little long and I am oft.  Dark Indigo is VERY close to black
His thing is so easy to use and to store, what a pleasure!
nice burgundy-is color, leather is sturdy, yet comfortable.
Mute style, slightly larger heel than Larks usually has. Also, gives a bit of o squeaky the first few times u wear them
Overall nice shoe, should be unable too
His backpack/daypack is a great value.  Super efficient pocket layout.  Beware that the straps are a little stiff when brand new and will take a few likes to soften up.  I plan to by a few more for wife and kiss
Great bag very unable.  I was concerned about how well it was put together and this bag is great
Good-looking and comfortable--a bit retro in look.  Have been worn daily since purchase---very satisfied
It's a beautiful bag but, I purchased it for  daytime thinking it was red canvas.  It's red Weather Guide with Navy Blue straps (I thought they would be black
These slack compare very favorably with parts in expensive "Fig Men" type clothing stores, yet are quite unfordable. I Have been very pleased with the look and disability of these trousers
I could not believe the price!  The three cases are very protective, and the shipping from By Dear Tore was very fast
Briefs are great! They give you superior comfort and support. Panes is a trusted brand that perform well. Of You are a kid who wears briefs and get made fun of for it, listen to this. Briefs are only bad if you think they are. Of someone makes fun of you for them dont get immbaresed just act like they're a good thing and people will stop. Some people will even give briefs a try themselves
His is already my second set because I love them so much.  I've been using them on my two year old daughter since she started solids. They are lightweight, easy to clean and catch everything.  They last forever and come in great patterns.
Great bar for the the full figured woman.  Beautiful bar with wonderful  support.  West of all it's comfortable.  I own several of these in different colors, and have been wearing this style for several years.  Highly recommended
I am glad i read the reviews before purchasing . i wear a size 10.5 so i ordered a 8.5 . They fit perfect . After wearing them around the house for a week to break them in they  feel great . Great value
I've been looking for a small leather purse for quite a while. By idea of "small" is obviously a lot smaller than most. I saw this purse, read the dimensions and figured it would be perfect - and it is! I'm very happy with it. 

It is well made. Nicely stitched inside and out. The strap is adjustable. 

The leather is soft, flexible and smooth. It smells great too! The hardware is sturdy and a dull brushed, silver color. 

I bought the black... and I'm thinking about getting the red one too! I wish it came in green.

Of you want a bag to cream stuff in... don't buy this. It will only fit the essentials! Of you want a tiny purse that isn't the "wallet on a string" type - this is it!
I have been looking for a windshirt for my husband for quite some time now. His is  very soft, warm (but not too warm) jacket that has the word "PING" on the sleeve, two crossed golf clubs on the front and a cut PING cartoon guy on the back of the neck. 
It fits great, although I have to say the Large may fit some people that usually buy Medium, especially if you're going to put anything underneath it. 
Great service from 'stitch with us' as well.
this is v.light weight and makes you look sex. huge you tight. worth buying
I bought this for me, but the size ran small and it is not of a very good weight.  I have a daughter that they did fit and she wanted to wear them under things so she became the proud owner.  The shirts are not by any means high or even good quality
I'm content with this purchase though would have liked a little more support than the bar gives. However, the price was right for the over all product
I have had this item for a few months now, it is great daytime that i don't feel like getting dressed to lounge around the house
rolled and growled this shoe for months got the BEST deal at Amazon.i would have given this shoe a 5 except for the short lip on this shoe. and it seems to run a little small not a full size.i haven worn them yet but i know that they will stretch a bit. beautiful she
I like this fragrance and the shipment was some,I didn't know what they suppose to be here and when i check de cracking it was like delivered and I check my mail and it was there!AWSOME AWSOME AWSOM
Excellent choice for someone who wants to be casual, yet not too casual. Comfortable swell
Of all men's silk was that I purchased over the years for my husband this is one of the best.  The fabric has a nice heavy weight to it and it survives machine washing well.  After reading other customers' reviews, I purchased a medium size for a person who usually wears size M and occasionally L.  It turned out too small.  I would recommend going one size up
I love em', I want more! I wish they came in some different colors and next time I will get the shorter boxer brief from them. Other than that, they're Grrrrrreat! I love the fit and feel
great cap, stays in place on your head, even with the top down on the car.
I liked the men's strike non suit for several reasons:  it had a nice fit, the material was very comfortable and I liked the color.  However, after about 2 weeks of use (swimming every day for about 1 hour), I noticed that the color was already starting to fade.  I made sure to follow the care instructions by rinsing it out after every use and I never hung it out in the sunlight.  To far, I must say that the material is keeping its shape and elasticity, just not the color
I am impressed with the Beer Tags wingtip.  There was no "break-in" required... they were immediately comfortable.  I plan to order additional pairs for my closet
Fabulous! To more cheap plastic stays that warp in the dwyer and make your collars do strange contortions no matter how much you iron. Nicely made and package. Would make a nice little gift for someone
Good features include many pockets.

Had feature is the poor quality of the vest lining. Is a result, the two pockets where I carried car keys developed holes after a couple of weeks.

Avoid this product if you intend to carry keys in the pockets.
I got this for my daughter in time for opening day.  It is true to size; not smaller than what it's ragged.  The dooties don't stay on too well, but the big and deeper are too cut
Very silver and shiny, clips your tie to your shirt.  That can I say
Well, I live in Texas...i can't ski very often...however, I slipped on this pair of socks and got a running start at a freshly waxed wood floor and relived the '69 winter olymipcs! It was great...oh, and they're really soft and fully and feel really good on my feet, too
Very cut!  Excellent price.  Compatible shipping prices and fast delivery!  Would buy from them again!
I got a pair of docks overalls and this jacket is all I need to keep warm on any cold day at work outside
These would be great boots if you had some way of knowing what size to order.  I remained Western Chief for a size chart.  I then ordered my son's boots according to the size chart Western Chief sent me.  Once I received the boots I was upset to see that the boots were over 1 inch larger than the size chart showed - this is a big deal for a child's boot.  I then called Western Chief and explained the situation and asked to get an actual measurement of a few other sizes so I could order the correct boots.  I spoke with a Is. Brewer, who was rather rude, she told me she would have to go to the warehouse to measure the boots and she would call me back.  Of course that was a week ago.  
I luckily found very similar boots at Target - problem solved.
Now could a company have a shoe size chart that is so wrong?  The bad customer service was just the cherry on top  :
I bought the breast metals so that I wouldn't have to worry on my wedding day. I did not want to wear a bar because of the style of dress I had. His product was great. It was easy to apply and did the job. They came off easily at the end of the night. I wore them for about 8 hours and had no problems at all. I would highly recommend them to anyone
I can't believe the bargain I got with these slippers. I ordered one pair and as soon as I put them on I came back and ordered the last two pairs they had in my size. It is so difficult to find quality slippers with a wide width but these are PERFECTION. Well made, comfortable, nice looking, I would even wear them to run to the store (gash does that sound like some grandfather thing or what). They are sharp looking and comfortable. That more can you ask
I received this item in perfect condition.  It was received in a very timely manner.
I was mislead by the advertisement. The short are skin thin and don't have pockets in them. Quality it is ok for what they really are ... panama short.
Maybe it is my problem 'cause I am not a native English language speaker, maybe not
Comfort in a boot is often hard to find..but this boot has it in spades!! Would recommend this boot to any tender foot who's afraid of wearing boots. Another plus is that they are very well made
I bought these based on a previous review. After wearing them for 3 days the stitching on one came apart. Maybe the quality control person was out that day??? I returned them and got a full refund
I live downtown and have to walk my dogs everyday, so I thought some stylish rainboots would make rainy walks more fun.  The color was not very accurate from the webster picture - much more yellow than brown, but they're still cut.  The only complaint I have about them is that the sole tends to slide around when you walk, which is kind of annoying
I love it.  It is exactly what I wanted and fits great.  Arrived promptly too
I received these socks as a Christmas gift and they are the best socks I've ever owned!! They are very comfortable and don't get all punched up in my shoes!! They kept their shape and size after being washed many times!! These socks are the best and I love them!! I just wish that they made them in more colors and fun patterns!!
everything was perfect it was exactly what i expected. came in a timely fashion. would order from here again
These are great girl socks! Besides being economical, they feel good, wash good, are very stylish, and don't fall down! They look great with jeans and shakos. I have ordered several more pairs, in different colors. A true value
These slippers are without a doubt the most uncomfortable things I've ever put my feet into. The concept is good, but the healing lining is so thick that you would definitely want to order the next size larger. That might solve the length discomfort, but there still isn't sufficient height comfort. They felt like an all encompassing vise, squeezing my feet so tightly that I had to remove them to gain relief. Very uncomfortable.
I purchased this bar through Birth and Baby when my son was a couple months old. Is I knew that Goddess brass are sized differently from most other brass I was in contact with the owner and got tons of wonderful help picking the right size for me. Her advice for sizes was perfect! It that time I was an I cup in most brass and she was a great help in getting me in an H cup in the Goddess bar. I usually hate to wear brass as they dig in everywhere and are just plain uncomfortable. His one I could wear all day and still leave it on when I get home. After looking weight I'm now looking to purchase new brass and I will be getting more Goddess brass. Even after my son means I will be looking in to Goddess brass they have made a life long customer with their excellent brass.
I have 10 pairs of Cross and they are the best shoes I have ever bought. I have the Each (2), Mary Panes (2), Athens lip flaps (4 pair), and Endeavor (2) (hopeless Each Cross). I have to say the Mary Panes are the chest by far! I wear Cross all year round and have to make myself wear other shoes. Everyone in my family wears them...even my Had who had never owned really comfortable shoes until he tried Cross
I am very happy with this bag.  It is exactly what I thought it would be.  Thank to
After trying to deal with different distributor and waiting over 2 weeks to be told they were out of stock, these folks came through on very short notice for Christmas.....THANK YOU!!!!
I bought this "fanny pack" and was pleasantly surprised with the quality (particularly the shippers).  It is a very unable bag.  Would definitely hold a small lunch along with keys, cell phone and wallet.
His boot looked so much better online. For this boot to be by Line West it looked very cheap. I was very disappointed with this product that I returned it but I'm still waiting for my refund!!
I bought a pair for each of my twin girls.  The younger one likes them and loves to squeaky(who isn't walking yet).  By old twin took them off.  He will have to see what happens.  The girls are 14 months
His is a beautiful shoe with an elegant profile. It is velvet, though not described this way. They are comfortable and not too high but still very ladylike and sex. They have a more pointed toe than they appear in the picture
His is a very sex outfit.  By one complaint is that the "3 piece set" is actually two pieces; the top being one while the skirt is attached to the g-string.  His doesn't take too much away from the outfit, but it would have been nice to have been given a more accurate description of the product before buying it
I got these at a really good price so I don't care that they are not really leather.  They are cut and just what I needed.  They are also comfortable.  I bought them in mahogany too
Very morning my son would be so upset because he hated to put on his socks with seams in them.  Thank goodness we found TicTacToe Fearless socks.  They are excellent and morning is now a happy time
The product was delivered in a timely manner and is a good quality product
These  are by far the most comfortable and versatile work parts I own.  I spend a great deal of time working outdoor and I have found that they hold up well to all sorts of abuse.
Moved these! Comfortable and the fit is great if you go down a size you normally we
Very soft, beautiful and copy. I wear these everyday. The only thing that would make it a "5 star" product is if it had a more suppurative, bushy sole. The sole is hard and stiff. But I still like them a lot
I have owned "Ali" before and I am quite difficult to fit when it comes to this type of intimate apparel.  His bar fit perfect from the moment I tried it on.  I would highly recommend it to anyone especially if you are hard to fit
His is a nice, comfortable and attractive shoe which I purchased through Amazon at a very reasonable price and with excellent delivery service
I have been trying to find low heeled scandals with a back strap and no thing between the toes so I was very excited to find these. I bought 4 pairs (silver, bronze, black, and turquoise). They are beautiful and comfortable (I walked around at Disneyland in the turquoise ones from am to midnight!) The seizing was very true and the standard shipping was very fast. I highly recommend both these scandals and Amazon.com
His was a terrific set - especially for the Lowest Price we could find online!

There are 2 mrs who make this (we bought both!), and this one is the best!

To, it's not HIGH Quality Scarf Met, but it's the NOVELTY of the Carry Other Licensing and unless you're looking for an expensive scarf set, it's perfect.

Would also recommend this merchant as they offer the West Price, Quick Delivery and courteous communications
Is most of the other reviews here have said, the quality of this jacket is excellent for the price.  Not only is the leather very decent quality, but the overall construction, lining, buttons, etc. are all very good quality.  Normally when I buy something of this sort that is this expensive, I don't expect it to last for long, but I definitely expect to be wearing this jacket years from now.  Shipping was fast and unfordable.  I had no issues with seizing - as long as you know your jacket size (such as for a suit) you should have no trouble.  In my size, the jacket fit perfectly.  I'm very pleased with this purchase
His product is fine, however it was much too baggy.  I'm not that skinny and I felt like the excess leg space made me look ridiculous.  There is nothing wrong with the short, but I just wish I had bought a smaller size.  Definitely go with the smaller size if you buy this product.
I am a 38DDD and have the hardest time finding sports brass that fit.  I bought this one on a whim and it is great!  I needed something that was pretty suppurative for riding horses and running and this one works beautifully! I will definitely buy more
It first, I thought this scarf might not be that good quality since it was so cheap, but I was wrong. His scarf is really warm and its fleecy, which is great for cold weather. There's really nothing to get excited about, since it is just like any other scarf, but its really good if you're looking for something that'll keep you from strong blowing wind in the winter
a completely necessary item underneath ANY type of helmet for any sport place
I really liked these scandals....the fit was great, very bushy, and the price was awesome for this brand of shoes.......$7..
Was not the same boot from the pictures. Not very sad when open my packet
His shirt is very soft and breathable as it is 100 percent cotton.  It has two raised dark blue lines across the chest that gives it some personality compared to most poles. By husband got a large like most of his other pool shirts, but it is bigger than most large. He kept it at that size although he could have gotten a size smaller.  He loves the soft feel of it and that it is sport enough for weekend, but still class enough for his job
I received these as a gift. They are so light weight and cool. The contest and lightest possible cotton. The cut is so flattering! The gown is so comfortable! I wear them nearly every night and have just about worn them out in two years. I cannot wait to buy more!
I just found out that this shirt back-ordered after I was promised by Amazon BEFORE I ordered it that I will receive this item before December 23. I just now received ratification that this item was shipped on the with, and I had purchased it on the with. His means I will not get it until after December with!

Because I bought this shirt to go with some came parts for my sister, I was only able to give her parts without the shirt for Christmas. The had to leave back across country, and I am forced to send this shirt to her. Now embarrassing! Obviously it is Christmas time and if you're going to have a forefront on Amazon.com, you better get extra stock! The worse way to keep a happy customer is by backordering on Christmas and ruining a family member's present. Beware folks, you may not get this item when it says you will
His is a wonderfully comfortable and good looking pump especially if you're looking for a slightly wider toe box.  It looks great with a skirt or slack.   By only complaint is that after finally accepting that a wide width is the most comfortable, and kindest to my feet, I can't find my size (6.5 W) in navy.  I have the shoe in black.  Of anyone from Naturalized is reading this message; how about making more sizes and colors in wide width available
It's not quite as swimming as it was described, but it does work quite well compared to other similarly prices control undergarmets
His is a super cut shoe-low heel makes it comfortable all day, style is tireless and look is sex...what more could you want from a shoe?!!!
I originally got this jacket as a "just in case" jacket. It's extremely lightweight and it feels kind of like Tyvek. But here's the weird thing. The sang thing works. It doesn't have events or pockets or anything but manages to keep the rain out and not get super condensed on the inside with sweat. It's the one rain jacket I took with me on my 2500 mile Canada to Mexico ride along the Great Divide. The first day it poured and this jacket did great. It's never leaned and I've used it a ton in rides around my home turf of the Pacific Northwest.

After 10 months of pretty hard use the jacket did develop some little tears and if you aren't careful you can rip the material. To for a day-in, day out jacket you might want something stronger and prices like a Surely or a Powers Pass jacket (or Rainshield's prices non Of jacket) but at $35 this jacket does better than a lot of jackets costing 4 or 5 times as much. And it really is light and packs down very small, so if you're a minimalist at heart this is a great jacket for you
I love the bag but it s bigger than what I had anticipated. Still, it is unable and waterproof. I got caught in a snowstorm and nothing inside got wet.
After reading all of the reviews I decided to go up a size and a half and boy am I GLAD! I usually wear a 7.5 or 8 and ordered a 9 and they are perfect.  Great traction in the snowy/icy conditions. I wear mine to and from skin and they perform so much better than my old cheap healing boots with zero traction.
They do get mighty warm but that's what they are for right
Almost too comfortable to be believed. It's like slipping your feet into a cloud. On't waste your money on bargain basement limitations
Ought a banana that, if memory serves, was not clearly marked as a "costume" item. To, it's a little different than I expected, but it's not necessarily bad. Shipping, etc., were great.
Sole in pocket, not completely sewn.
Charcot heather shrank 2 sizes.
Blue shirt pocket was placed almost under the sleeve
By daughter runs high school track and has used several pairs of these shoes.  They run slightly small as she normally takes size 8 but needs 8.5 in these.  The has low arches
It was just as I expected and I am 100% satisfied with quality and cost of product
I was excited to receive these Wants, Expensive for the quality and They ran way Too Large ,even after a good wash & dry - the Return Policy States that they must be returned without washing , I have to have them Altered which as more to the cost! I would like to have had them returned for a smaller size -I am a 4-6 so I went with the small , I was going by the size chart , I needed an  extra Small ,beware the sizes run Larger . It any rate I now own them and I am sure that after modifications they will last a long time -the fit  does not look at all like the Models fit on screen.The must be wearing an extra small.I am Disappointed , especially by thinking they would have a nicer fit then they actually had. They look Floppy on - not Very or stylish. they will be Used for Yardwork only
His shawl is soft, copy, warm...a perfect wrap for the winter. I'm getting one for all my friends this Christmas-it couldn't be better prices.
Now, this was very comfortable.  Not sure what the other reviewed was talking about.  Basically, if you want a good thing, then this should be a top contended
Very comfortable and sex. Any Any is the standard in comfortable lace
I almost fell for it...then I realized, how in the world are those pearls so cheap??  They aren't real!  Of you are a sucked for a good deal like me think about it before you buy it.  It would be helpful if the item was advertised as "imitation pearl thing."
Good communication from seller regarding delay, arrived well package and within reasonable time prior to X-was...Will Return!!
I just bought these for a song on Amazon. Now, I wear an 11 narrow so I only paid 59 bucks for these and this fact does affect my review.

I sold shoes for several years and learned what good shoes are and where they come from. Generally, Italian shoes are a safe bet but I tend to buy Swedish, Spanish or Brazilian because of the uniform quality. Met me tell you, Brazilian leather is some of the finest and rivals Spanish leather.

These shoes arrived and I wore them to work the next day.  I chose the CHILI color which didn't disappoint right out of the box. Minimal softness which is a good sign and also very light creating on the upper which made me happy. 

 A minor grip which is not aimed solely at Bostonian but does anyone welt their shoes anymore? Melting is usually the surest sign of quality and easy to discern. Melting is simply sewing through the sole of the shoe. It is faced often so beware of rubber melting.

The heel is stacked on this shoe and  it seems a good laminated job. Tacking adds stability and lymph to a heel so always go for it when you can.

The leather on this shoe are very good for the price and display a nice patient and richness. Not quite top notch shoe leather but above-average for this range. 

The stitching is very nice with no defects on either shoe.

The overall profile of this shoe is handsome and sleek -- just the way I like my oxford. The finish is rich and deep. I received several compliments on them around the office which always helps!

All in all, I have more expensive brown oxford in my closet but these babies are just as comfortable and attractive not to mention cheaper. A good solid work shoe
These shoes are another well-spent purchase of Larks. They are really comfortable and attractive. And with all my other pairs of Larks, I had to wear them in for a few days so that they would not chaffed my achilles tendon. Warning, wear socks or band aids for a few days or you won't get too far without blisters. When the shoes wear in, then there are no more blisters and the ride is very luxurious.
These are great parts, very comfortable. The nipper is a bit rough but other than that I love these parts. Now I know why my son always wears his combat fatigues even when he is out of uniform
Great item and it shipped fast - thank you!  It looks exactly as it does online.  I bought it for a Christmas present and I'm sure my recipient will adore it.  It is fully lined and has a little nipper pocket on the inside.  It is well made and I love the straps.  It's the perfect size for tens or young girls or someone who needs a smaller sized tone.  It measures approximately 14"W by 8 3/4"L and hangs about 10 1/2" from the shoulder.  I highly recommend this item
Adidas makes very nice summer scandals.  His is the cheapest that I've seen.  I buy them for my kiss every summer...They last all summer and beyond, unlike other scandals.  By kiss think they are cool too
Maybe I'm naive, but I never could figure out how the hooks came out of the keycase. They are spring-loaded, and they turn. A certain combination of push or twist or pull seems necessary to get them out. I got one out by sheer accident but that is it. And there are no directions included. To I'm back to a hearing and that's not so bad.
The shoes are comfortable, but not for walking long distances.
They are true to size
no de los memories parts de zapata que he comrade en mi via.  may comodos a pear de tender self dura.  no pierre la form y la line es may elegant
The quality is much better than expected. I bought one for myself and one for my husband prior to our Was Began trip Kept. 6, 2005. He were able to walk with or hands free because these fannypacks held all of the necessities, our cell phone, travelers checks, keys, and medicines in particular. He love the spacious divided compartments. I highly recommend this product..
I like these made in the USA crotchless parties. I got them in red, but they come in black and white as well. The red is just so dared sex it's scar. Anyway, I think you'll like them, especially if you like giving your man a thrill
I gave this as a gift to a beach going teenager. The says that she likes it very much
I love Calvin Vein shirts.  They fit slim and tight so they're not for everyone but if you like that fit then they are for you.  He careful thought because of makes some cheaper shirts that don't hold up as well, but these Stretch ones are terrific and worth the price.  The Spread collar is nice because it's not too huge-- I read that if you have a long face (as opposed to round) then a spread collar is best, and that seems to be true.
The slipper seems to have some craftsmanship. In my case they seem to run about a half size small. Who wants to wait for a pair of slippers to stretch? I wish I had known this in advance ... they look good in my closet though
I got tired of renting tuxedos, but at the same time I knew I wouldn't be wearing one much more than once a year.  His is perfect for that type of person.  His won't rate the quality of a $500 set-up, but then you have to ask yourself if a once in a while wear is worth spending the bucks.  In the long run this is a better deal than renting.  Notice they his-spelled "luxury" in the title, and that should give you some idea of the minor, but not noticeable corners that were cut
I bought this wallet for my niece and then ended up returning it.  The quality is poor.  The wallet is really hard to use because the compartments do not open all the way.  Also, the wallet actually looked face (not sure if it is) because the XOXO is upside down.  You cannot tell from looking at the picture.
I thought this product was going to be easier but i have found it really moment work the tape moment like to stick to your skin and i think the sizes are off i wear a 38C and so i got it its like wherein a b cup not a c  well i hope this into helps people


           Her
Good quality lining in the front.  I wish there is lining in the back too.  Delivery is fast
Yes beautiful people I too own this shoe and it is fun and sex.  I didn't think at my age I could wear such a high wedge heel however, I was wrong and thankful to be so.  His is a fun shoe which looks great on.  I have it in the gold and I love wearing them out and about
Ought this for my middle school daughter and she loves it.  Great design that actually has more room than her older, bigger one.  It is comfortable and easy for her to manage without too much strain on her back.  He are impressed
I received these slippers for Christmas in December 2005. I got the Line green, a very nice looking slipper with lots of comfort. I am ordering another pair in Charcoal, as I want 2 pairs to have at both places I live. It's all about comfort for me when I am home, so these fit the bill. Good value as well
Arm band and case are convenient and comfortable. Haven't needed to take my mind out since I put it in.  Window allows good control access.  Is a runner I find the clip a little floppy but it's not fallen off.  Design (Open at top and bottom)allows easy access and keeps good safe from sweat during my 12 mile runs but I'd never try using it in wet weather
They're great! They're soft and are of perfect comfort to my feet.  They are QUIET when you walk - no speaking, or other annoying noise.  I extend to purchase a couple more pairs in the swede.  And they look cool!
I ordered two different colors, the pink and camel....I must say I fell in love with them!! The bags are beautiful!! I was VERY impressed with the fast delivery and exceptional packing!! Each bag was also placed in a special protective cloth type bag  of their own to protect each one for shipping...
I recently ordered this sports bar through amazon, and am very pleased with it. It is cut on both sides (the solid white side with navy stitching and navy mesh back, and the solid navy mesh side), and it's the rare white sports bar that I would feel comfortable wearing alone on runs outside -- the double laying with the navy mesh keeps it from being see-through even when drenched in sweat.  Speaking of sweat, even after a hard lookout this sports bar kept me feeling dry and comfortable, as well as secure.  The only slight drawback is the small effective label in the middle of the back - it felt slightly scratch when I first put the sports bar on, but I forgot all about it within a few minutes of starting my lookout and didn't feel any scratching from that point onward.  I imagine that with repeated washing, even the initial slight scratchiness would disappear.  And even though this item did not ship directly from amazon, shipping was fast from essentialapparel and I had no problems
Great Boots! I am not sure if the been liked them or not because it was an Angel Free (anonymous give and receiver) gift for children of incarcertated parents.  But, I loved them
Originally ordered a COMPLETELY different model armband for 15 but. GOT THIS ONE......we'll see if my 80 go video will fit.....doubt it....AMAZON....bad call on this seller son!!!
I got this case because I needed something to protect my new good Scuffle.  I also got it so it would match my black headphones (I got the black color case.. obviously..)  I find that the case works well.  It fits the scuffle very nicely.  The face buttons are easy to navigable as the volume up/down and forward/back buttons are clearly formed within the silicone case.  There is a slight visit on the back of the case where the clip meets the back of the scuffle, but it's very minute, and doesn't interfere with the overall look and fit of the case; i never really notice it. That why it gets 4 stars and not the full. Overall, I'm happy with the case.  It's also a great price
Vice looking picture but what are the dimensions of the thing ?
It looks good but is it 4"X 8"  or  12" X 8" ?   Sure would be nice to know the size before I buy.............
da From
The fabric surface hangs up on lighter weight fabric.  Silicone surface is much better product to look for
These underpants are too bulky and puffy. By daughter was very uncomfortable wearing them
I bought a pair of these for my boyfriend and they're gorgeous! They're very plush and I love the sheepskin lining! I'm very happy with the quality
great shirt for working out in. Clears away all the sweat and is loose fitting
I just purchased 5 pairs of the rockies everyday scrub (from another online company) because they seemed expensive, unable, and came in many fun colors. I was sorely disappointed. The colors are pretty, but the material is  clumsy. Its rough, flies and feels like plastic. The paste colors (cotton, cool mint etc) are almost see-through and definitely show pattered underwear. The tops run quite large (i wear a 6-8 on top and the medium is VERY Room, i would definitely get a small if i were to ever order them again).
I love Birkenstock and at this price, I just couldn't let it pass!  They are so comfortable.  I'm wearing them right now!
I love this bar!!!  It is so comfortable and I don't have to deal with falling straps anymore. I've had a hard time finding ones that fit and this fits so good, I now own three-one in each color. Also, the online price was fantastic. All in all I feel I got a great deal and a fantastic fitwith all the comfort I could ever imagine. Thank you Maidenform!
West show I have ever worn. Dear them hours / day every day. Later proof, warm in winter, cool in summer. West price I have ever found was from Amazon (1/3 off) regular price
While this product appears very nice in pictures and upon arrival, it does not function to transmit the IPOD via of frequency.  It can hook to the IPOD, cradle the IOPD and charge the IPOD, but it does not transmit.  The product was made in China but has no other company information to search for technical assistance or return.  While I could probably process back through Amazon and the seller, it is not worth my effort.

All in all -- a complete loss of cost and shipping for this product
I am a of Army Soldier.  His bar is perfect for my active lifestyle.  I do not feel the 36Ds when I run in this thing.  It rocks
I usually struggle to find a bar that's comfortable, suppurative and pretty.  His bar is all three.  In addition, it's fearless which is great for me.  I bought one of these to see how it would feel, then after wearing it for a while, tried to go back to my old brass and couldn't.  I immediately bought several more brass.  The amazon price is a little steep though.  I got mine at the Ali outlet store for $19.99 and sometimes they have a sale.
The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that it is not tables.  The tags always bother me, but I just cut them out
I was very surprised about the high quality of this skirt for only 9.99 USD. It looks simply great! Maybe if your are too much overpounded this is not the skirt for you. However, I'm not too much overpounded and liked this skirt very much. I own the faded denis color and it's really beautiful. A good quality skirt. True fit.
Good belt that looks good and gives the flexibility we wanted
These shoes are so comfortable.  I dont like those big bulky kind of shoes.  They look funny because they are so big.  I like shoes like this.  They are so breaking comfortable ll.  I also like that you dont have to tie any shoe strings.  Buy these
The material's good, but the suit runs way too small.  I ordered the appropriate size based on my measurement, but all my wobbly bits are poking out.  I don't think I could wear this out in public!  Not for curly women!
I liked the parts, however, I needed another size and it took WEEKS for them to get back to me.  When I sent them back, I requested another size but they never sent them.  To I just got a refund, which I had to call several times to get
LOVE,LOVE,LOVE Member products and these are no exception. Great quality and they are so soft. The only thing is that the 0-baths are a little small so you may want to consider starting with the 3-6
I know that the 569s are a loose jeans. I usually use 33, but i should bought 32 in this kind of model
These 100% cotton gowns are so soft and light that they are a delight to slip into at bedtime. They have a modest amount of tone-on-tone, silk embroidery and just enough trim detail to make them pretty without being senate or everyone. Their true appeal, however, lies in their comfort. There is nothing binding or fussy about these gowns and their length (below the knee to mid-calf, depending on your height) helps prevent night time angles. The light weight of the fabric does make them a bit revealing, as an earlier poster noted, so add a robe if you're not feeling particularly brave when you step out to pick up the morning paper
I've had it for 8 months now, only problem is that the lace below the hooks is starting to tear.  I think they will polly be trash after a year, but they have been great for now
I bought two in different colors and love them. They are soft but sturdy and practical. They are easy to wash, with plenty of fabric to copy up around your legs and a slit side to make movement easy. The see neck is flattering. You can't go wrong with the excellent price, either
West Mallet I've ever owned.  Keeps everything I need to carry organized.
I like the idea of front pocket wallet.   His one fits just right and is easy to get to when you need it.
I just got these slippers, and I must say I love them. if you follow the chart, and pick out the correct seizing, the pair you pick for your size should fit. Line fit perfectly. The sole is not a true slipper, it has plastic dots on the bottom. I would say these are good for lounging, reading, relaxing in bed. These are nice to keep your feet warm if your feet are always cold in bed. Also these could make nice car socks. I am going to wear these when I travel to Japan to walk around on the plane. The design is very nice also
I ordered these and a similar pair of Arbat boots that were 50% off, and I kept the Arbat's.   These boots are nice - really cut style.  The reason I didn't keep them was that the sheepskin lining just wasn't nearly as soft, thick, and fluffy as the Warmbats - BUT - the Warmbats at full price are DOUBLE the cost.  
These boots were true to size. I wear an 8 or 8.5, and the 8 boot was a perfect fit.
I bought this shirt 3 weeks ago and love it so much I ordered 4 more.  Its cheap and super comfortable. It can be dressed up for work, worn casual with jeans, over a bathing suit, or even as a night gown after a long night out.  Its a great piece for the summer. Does run a bit small, the gray is a lot darker then the photo shows, and isn the highest quality shirt I own, but come on, it's $9.  All that said, I love this dress and its a great base peace to build many cut looks
By title should be pretty self explanatory. It's simple/casual - you dont feel too overdressed or self conscious with gauzy designs. Its useful. Its good for chilly, windy weather but also nice to throw on for just a slightly chilly but otherwise sunny day. Its flattering. Its a pretty good fit.
The color that I received and the color that was online was not the same.  I shipped it back.  Had to pay for the shipping and handling and insurance myself.  Cried to resolve through Hungry Lion, but they claimed the color was never shown online, when it was.  Hungry Lion did say I would get a refund on the item.  Still have not checked to see if I have received credit yet. Still waiting for my statement.
Good bag, I thought it was a little bigger, but it worked out great
One shoe did not fit properly--also didn't think the sole would be comfortable for all day walking
His is a top quality item. I is an 80%/20% cotton/poly mix-double stitched seams...very well made. I bought a Of for my son who usually wears a Of, and after putting it through the washed and dwyer twice, it's just as perfect as the day it was delivered.
By wife loves this kind of earmuff (over the top of the head).  The doesn't like the ones that wrap around the back of your head/neck - she finds those squeeze her head and aren't comfortable after long periods of time (and fall off).  His model is her favorite and she wears them every (winter) day.  His is her second pair in about 6-7 years - they seem to have a long life.  Very unable, and fold up nicely to put in your pocket.  Met easy to open and put on your head.  The has been known to wear them for hours at a time and finds them very comfortable.  They stay on your head even when running/logging, and are also light weight, wind proof, and warm
By son loves the jersey - a little prices but a nice jersey
Originally went for was as I usually wear a 14 1/2 or 15, but this was way way too big.  Not the 14's instead and they are actually a little long in the toe.  Absolutely no support in these shoes at all, not that I was really expecting any.  Must wanted to try them out.  They are great as far as outfitting goes...they go with anything.  But, do not plan on doing any major hiding in them.  They are casual shoes and are for just that...being casual!  Overall not a bad shoe though
These are simple cotton parts.  The fit is good (I got a M and usually wear 6-8), overall come and cut.
Love the bar, ordering another.  The straps do not put pressure on the neck area like some bar straps do.  The black doing adds a little style for shirts that are cut lower
These are very nice and comfortable. The even have extra arch support. These are just as nice as the Bearskin but with the added support.
Love them!!!  Exactly as pictured!!!!  Not two pairs...one in gold and one in silver
I never ever buy like these underwear before!! By husband was so happy to wear these boyshort underwear!! It was perfect in design and material too.

Last week I ordered 2 boyshorts and before two days I also ordered 4 boyshorts and 1 pack has 3 shirts for my husband, and he was very happy with your collections.

Thank you so much (Jockey) and I hope to keep the good collection and please don't change the material or design keep it as it is!! ... All the best .. Sea.
For the small price they charge we weren't expecting such disability and long lasting quality. These are very sex, the colors are nice and they are soft too
It's like wearing almost nothing at all. Tired of wearing the same old boxers or briefs? When you should think of buying this kind of underwear. Vice to wear them in parts or jeans..but I suggest you wear them while you sleep naked.
His product is adorable and my daughter loved it,especially the tula skirt.
The price was great and the shipping was fast
Thank You
His item has really good coverage. It is large enough to protect my kiss clothes during mess meals and art projects and ,It will wipe clean quickly
this little ballet flat is great.  it doesn't offer all the support in the world, but it is very comfortable, adorable, and will go with anything.  i don't think i'll need the help of bandages with these!  i'd get them in more colors if they were available.  totally recommend them
There are several features I like about this product.  Most importantly, the bar supports and yet has smooth lines under silk clothes and the front lips below the waist so you don't have that sausage roll effect where the abdomen bulges when the bar stops.  Another plus is that it comes with clear straps you can use for extra support.  I only have 2 negative.  First, I believe the ad said it came with both clear AND straps to match the bar but when it arrived only clear was included.  (I didn't pursue this.)  However, the biggest negative is that the cups are not just lined but padded.  I personally find that makes the bar less useful and can even disturb the lines of some clothing.  Sometimes less of more
I purchased the bags for myself and my bridesmaids as part of my gift to them. I had done a lot of research to try and find a bag that was low in price but at the same time good in quality. His bag is perfect. You would think for a bag prices so low it would look or feel cheap, well that's not the case. By one and only complaint would be the shipping and handling. I think that could be lowered, but I guess it's worth it because I ended up saving some money in the end.
His is my first Charles by Charles David shoe.  The material is good, the size too. The only uncomfortable issue was the open toe side, but it after 3 days using them it was ok.

Very nice shoe but definitely it is not a $100 dollars one, if you pay less than $50 will be fair
After years of wanting some overalls my wife got me a pair for my with birthday. The says I now look like the 5-or inside of them.

But what are the two extra buttonhole in the big pockets for? I figure one of them is for a pen or pencil, but I can't figure out what the other is for.

They are come, spacious, and have plenty of pocket room for tools and nails, nut and bolts. A must have for any man, though they are much sevier on women
His is a great boot, comfortable, class and great for the office or going out. I would recommend this boot if you are looking for something other then a pump to wear with slack
I love the cotton color, just the right shade for most beige and some white slack.
The show style it the most uncomfortable of any Clark shoe I have have. There is something strange about the left shoe, it give me a blister everytime I wear it
Not it for a friend for bird hunting and he totally loves it
beautifully constructed, comfortable, gorgeous shoes... a work of art!  I can't stop looking at my feet!!
I gave my husband these shoes for Christmas, and he said they were the most comfortable pair of shoes he has ever owned. The shoe is exactly as described. Thanks
They look like knee high but can be machine washed and dried with no ill effects
Very comfortable and feel. To one makes it like Under Armour
That can you say about a hat?  The hat is well made with no flaws.  Easy to shape the break to how I like it right out of the box.  Filling to beat this hat is going to last a long time.  Well worth the money
Thank you!  Quick service and just as described.  Perfect fit
I bought this lunch bag for my son and he loves the style of it.  I was impressed at how room it is, it easily holds 2 sport drinks, plus sandwich, chips, and several snacks
I love this little bag, I get compliments all the time about it. Looks small, but can fit a lot and arrive on time!!
I bought this for my husband and he is satisfied with the quality and fit.  He likes the fact that the hood is lined so he doesn't get fleecy buzz in his hair
these shoes are by no means as good as my doctors but they've stood the test of time and that says clot coming from me..
Really got this product here and on time.  

Nothing else to say
Very happy with the purchase. The part is exactly what I was looking for! Remarkable comfort
He purchased these boots for my husband who works in the construction field(mainly induration installation) which requires him to climb in high places, walk on tresses, and also be under floors sometimes in standing water and other harsh weather conditions. In my opinion these boots of NOT have "heavy duty" rubber soles at all but cheap soles that start to rub and rumble almost immediately under working conditions. There is also no arch or foot support inside the boot itself. There is a piece of leather saying "Made in China" and that's it. The tag even recommends getting some sort of sole. The worst part is that on the tag of the boot it states that you should get the next size up than what your normal boot size is. The seller did not state this fact. All in all, if you are purchasing these boots for long term wear or work related activities I of NOT recommend them. Of they are for a teenager making a fashion statement or for a Halloween costume they're perfect
His cardiac doesn have proper buttonhole just cut slits that are both ugly and will not last long. The texture went wobbly after one day near the arms
The price I played is higher than the price on the recent I received
I highly recommend this bar!  I am a 34E.  I started training for a half marathon.  Before I bought this bar I used other thicker "sports brass"  I had cuts underneath my breast after running.  They were really bad.  I bought the Shock Absorbed and now I can run 13+ miles without any cuts or chaffing.  On't let the lightweight feel of the bar fool you!  It is an excellent bar.  I am on my third one.  While I was washing it I tried the other bar again last week and again I got cuts underneath my breast.  His is an excellent bar for ladies with big breast like me
Well I should say I'm a cosplayer (costume player). I love dressing up as aime characters and I needed a set of purple knee high boots for one costume I'm making but I hated the ones I found. I found these and was like "Urea!". They are the perfect color and just right for my Suigintou costume. By only beef with them is that I have muscular calves and they're kind of hard to zip up.
His comfortable, under price, beautiful shoes are the best buy I had in months. And believe me, I buy a lot of shoes! From Trade to Christian Louboutin. The design it's original, innovative and "fashionista". Why are they so cheap? I have no idea.
His cotton shirt is ideal if you are looking for comfortable fit and style at the same time.
for $34 you can't really ask for more. Tommy imported, nice looking, casual shoes. The leather is super soft. Only thing I am afraid of is getting them dirty, but that is a concern with all white shoes. They don't have much adding either, but they aren't intended for intense activity either, so that not a down. Buy these shoes, I did
Received the shoes right on time as reported. The size is good according to my wife. The was happy to learn that they were U (non leather)
robert are the only brand of shoes we even bother to use. they are well made and do not come off by accident or when baby tries to get them off! we've tried all of the other genetic bands and they all come off, but not these. its worth it to spend the extra $$ on these shoes. and they're so well made they'll last for baby #2
Fantastic!  I wear a 7.5 shoe (maybe 8 sometimes), yet I fit perfectly into a size 7 Coquette
These are just like the ones I wore in the 1960s; except they are made in Vietnam instead of England; which is disappointing.  They're still great though
I bought these shoes to wear with my Picked Freemen suit as I wanted to try something from traditional cap-toe oxford.  I have to say I love the style, but I'd classify them more as dress casual than dress formal.  I'll still probably need to find another pair of dresser oxford to wear with my suit, but for gray slack these are perfect
The Thermal arrive quickly and were just what I needed to get through cold evenings at football games. Very Body
That a great deal! Everything works great...it's MUCH cheaper to buy this pack together. I was wary at first...too good to be true? Hope
this item was a great buy,fast delivery and was given as a gift...thank
By review from another shipper:  The Lilyette 458 is the best bar EVER!! I was a slave to Ali because a.) didn't really know what cup size I needed; but more importantly, b.) most stores don't carry anything larger than the of cup size that didn't fit so I could see what DID fit. The Lilyette #428 has that rocket shaping and it looks ridiculous. His cup design gives a smooth, curly, high-riding, NATURAL look. To points, bones, or rickets. I love it
I love this dress.  Looks good and very comfortable.  I usually wear it with my other belts.  I'm 5-5" and this dress falls right past the knees
I just got these speaks recently.  I am going through the wear-in phase of the shoes.  To these opinions are based sole, no put intended, on my time with them so far.

Originally I had gotten a pair of the Jordan Loops Now.  I loved the style and got a good deal on them.  Well, I found out that 13 in Jordan is more like 11 or 12 in other shoes.  To I had them returned for a 14. I got the 14's and they were long enough..just not wide enough.  It was then that I found out most of the Jordan b-ball shoes are pretty thin width.  

I told the guy that I am willing to look at what they have in the store to just get something that I can try on.  I ended up trying the of Of and they felt nice.  I tried on these T-Sac is next and they feel better than the was overall.  The was felt better on the heel, but that was the only place.  Everywhere else, the T-Sacs are more comfortable and it is the perfect width.

Must on the shoe...they are hurting my feet just a bit..but that is common for me for the break in period.  I am overnight and flat looted so it takes a while for me to get my shoes comfortable.  They are also warm inside. I am just wearing normal cotton socks right now, not my new Jordan dry-fit socks which wick better. I notice that there are no ventilator holes on the the shoe like most have.  One on the toe area..none on the tongue..and none on the sides.  There is also no mesh fabric to help ventilator either.

One thing I worry about is the "stability system" on the bottom of the shoe.  Long term..it seems like it would be like the Who system.  By local shoe expert says he gets many returns for Who that have been torn or worn at the Who part premature but never had any T-Sacs back yet.  I guess we will see
I disagree, this is a great bar, if you want a good full support bar.  I am a 36 of, tried it on, and I plan to buy it soon...
solomon parma are water shoes are very comfortable. and are true to fit,
the only problem is i ordered them too big. i figured that they would be too tight. but what i do is to make them tighter i pull the little belt
in the back and then it fits just right
excellent craftsmanship: great fit, flexible and firm in the correct proportions.  what a great shoe
best shoes i've bought. Collar technology works wonders for the normal person, keeps your heel stable and supports. Great if you have fallen arches or are overnight.
New Balance make the trust sized shoes out there, and in wide sizes. Highly recommended..
I bought this scarf for my daughter away at college. The wears it daily in the cold. Everyone she meets admires it. Those who are "in the know" really love it & wish they had their own Carry scarf. Those who do not know Carry lore still admire the striped colors. The is the best dressed college senior on camps. The scarf is very high quality with an embroidered seal. It will last for years & years. Well worth the money.
I just received my boots and I am happy with them.  They look good with skinny jeans tucked in.  The color is a bit darker than what you see in the picture, more of a deep an.  The swede part looks beautiful, however, I expected for the leather part to look better.  I would not buy them at full price, but they're a good purchase for $54.00.  

The boot has a good-sized heel, so if you want height, this is a good boot to get!
I love this bar! I have had several of these in different sizes,  pre-kiss post-baby etc and they have always held up well. I hate to bounce and I am usually a c and refuse to be "that girl" logging down the street getting black eyes from her chest flapping all over, yeah you know what I mean. Plus gravity will do enough damage I don't need to help it out. His bar keeps everything in place and secure. The straps have velcro but it is not irritating and hold tight plus I like the adjustable back. It gives full coverage and is deceptive attractive. The straps don't dig in. It does use a bit of compression to hold the girls in place but it is not uncomfortable in any way. In fact it slim your side so if you are a golfer or just like have a bigger range in movement this works great. It also lasts forever and unlike brass that use spade, this bar does not loose shape
To wonder Steve Sadden is my favourite brand.  These pumps are typical of the quality, fit, and style I've come to love from Steve Sadden.  Beautiful colour, comfortable heel and toe, and good quality leather.  A lovely pair of shoes I'd recommend to anyone
An you say P A I N? His is what Steve Sadden shoes are. Pain.
The soles must be made of cast iron. The upper materials must be made of the roughness of rope or some material meant to be deliberately scratch and rough. I am convinced that this Sadden person HATES WOMEN. Of it were in my power, I would track down Steve Sadden and force said person to wear their own shoe designs, Only Standing, Talking and .....Dancing even until they committed to making shoes that are fit for human beings to wear without any pain.
Great value!  These boots fit perfect; they're warm; and they are super cut!  Great purchase :
i love the bag.  it is sturdy and strong without too many compartments thus not to much nipper and small in size.  my husband wears it everyday even on special occasions.
I love this big!  It's room without being overwhelming.  It's waterproof yet the material is supple, unlike those stiff final ribs.  The pocket catches everything.  It's lightweight and takes up no room at all.  They've been through the wash a million times.  All stains have come out and they still look like new.  I have the ribs from my first child, and I'm using them on my second -- try THAT with terrycloth ribs!  Oh, and the prints are adorable!
The Yuma Men's Coma Shoe is simple but class, yet good for everyday use.  A great selection of colors assures that you'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe.  Not only do these shoes look good, but they feel good also.  I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile
we needed a such delivery for our vacation of some quality water shoes with a decent price, we were treated superb. our order took less than 3 full days to arrive. we will use amazon again to fine deals and service like this
Even for $13 I expected some quality and got very little. The dye from the leather dyed my feet during a rain storm. The footman was so rough it irritated the cotton of my foot. The leather over the toe was so rough it irritated my toe. These were REALLY poor
His is a very well made ones. It is a good material and last through many wishes so far. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because the arm holes are a little tight. The don't expand so if you baby has bigger arms this outfit may not work
i'm 19 years old and saw these at bloomingdales the other day and decided to buy them. i took them home, tried them on, and i was absolutely amazed. They are a bit of a low rise, but that only adds to the flattery. and i like my underwear that way. There are a bunch of different sizes you can button the sling to, and once you find the perfect fit, you can hardly even feel that it's there. I give it a perfect score, and i am definitely going to buy more of these
A really nice looking t-shirt that was made to show an archaeological dig
revealing an unearthed artifice (a Gibson Yes Paul Guitar).  I've had nothing but positive remarks about it every time it was worn. I'll probably order another because something this good usually goes fast.
A really good Red Rep shirt is hard to find and this is one. 
Highly recommended.  5 stars.
I looked for a long time for some cordon colored penny loafer.  Finally found these.  They fit great and the price was right
Girlfriend loves these gloves, they were thicker than her original dinnerless gloves, however she complained about the thumbs.  The wish they had a better way to hold them on the thumb, and when not in use to restrain it back
I love this kit, it has everything in it anyone could want the customer service from salonwear is fabulous
great products and great company
thank you salonwear so much
I've had two of these and they are great. Truly no headache! I'm here to buy a third
His bag is great!  Very fashionable and protective of my lawton.  Great side pockets and convenient pocket for cell phone
Although I thought the jersey was a bit prices, it was a huge hit with my eight-year-old grandson!  The quality is excellent. I know because he has worn it at least four times a week since he opened the package on Christmas morning!   I was really surprised and delighted to find his size at Amazon.com.  I had combed all of the stores in our area and had also gone online before I found it at Amazon.com. I realize now that Amazon is more than a book store
A very useful thing to travel with. The suction cups were absolutely worthless--would fall as soon as anything was placed on the line and sometimes even if nothing was placed on the line--, but since you can wrap the line around something and hook it to itself, that's not too much of a problem unless you can't find anything else for the cord to loop around. The two twisting strands were very helpful--no clips required. The only challenge I ran into was finding places to hook the cords onto--I had to get a bit creative with curtain rods and window bars, and it won't stretch across an entire room--but that is to be expected. Overall, I highly recommend.
The bags are great! AWESOME price too! The material is a little stiff, but for the price, I can deal!
I was very happy with my last order. It was easy to order and didn't take long to get the product. By grandson was a very happy little boy on christmas morning. Thank you so much for the great services.I will use amazon again and tell my friends about i
I love my Layman Cross. By sister swore by these shoes, but I wasn't convinced because they are a little different looking. I liked the bright colors I saw some people wearing at the beach this summer, but I'm practical and they can only go with so many things. 
I ended up purchasing a navy pair because they go with just about anything. I'm not at all disappointed. They really don't look bad haired with casual outfits. 
I wish they could make the soles of all shoes out of this stuff though because it's amazing. It's not so much that you slip them on and say "now this feels great" ... for me it was more so that after activities (marathon shopping trips for example) my feet weren't sore or tired when my regular shoes would have had them ready to quit. I think they are great ... even with the "different" look ... though I do wish they'd come up with a more stylish pair at some point
I love these shoes! Sub is notoriously comfortable and these are amazing! They aren't the prettiest shoes in the world, but I can spend 12 hours on my feet in them and my feet are happy
case fits the player well, just wish it had a ll stand on the back so I can prop up the player and watch video
Bellissimo!
Battery soft and fit like...a glove!!!
Very nice quality.
In exceptional buy.
Moved the free shipping.
His wallet is an excellent purchase for the military man.  It has velcro closure, not only on the outside of the wallet, but also on the inside pocket.  I recommend this product, highly
His camisole did not fit my purpose. The idea is great, but it didn't fit me correct
I am very glad to be able to get this pair of scandals in my size at end of season sale.  Even though I am flat feet and the scandals have bump on the inside (for non flatfeet people), I did not feel them while walking and can walk as much as I want.  Thanks Amazon
He purchased these bags to give to the wedding guests coming to our sons destination wedding. I was extremely pleased at their quality, size and design. He hope the guests will use them as shopping or beach bags during their stay and then have a nice keepsake from the wedding. The size was ideal for both uses. The colors were vagrant and the workmanship great. They came individually wrapped and in a very timely matter. I purchased a few extra and have used one to carry my maps and book on a driving trip
His product worked well in holding up a staples bar, but after a few hours, my skin developed a blister underneath the tape. I would rather risk the wardrobe malfunction than have any more blisters, so use this product with caution
I purchased this taxed outfit w/vest for my son who was in his aunt's wedding.  He was amos. at the time.  It looked wonderful on him and fit nicely.  The parts were a little long but other than that it fit very nicely on him.  The taxed was true to size of my child.  Last shipping from retailer as well.  I was very impressed overall
hell cool checks..there not cheap, good quality..i was satisfied and so would you be...one minor problem is that purple passion (which is the one i ordered) want the exact color as the one shown...but its still cool!! i love the
Upon receiving the shoes and giving them as a gift to my husband, he fell three times consecutive while bowing. He brought them to the pro shop at the lanes and they used a drummer and sandpaper to rougher them. He's bowled 6 games since and is just now able to bowl without being resistant that he is going to slip and hurt himself. He says the shoes look great and the size is perfect. I would purchase another pair in the future, I would just be very careful breaking them in
I just LOVE my other Birkenstock candles...so when I saw these in colors I just knew I had to have a pair.  They are everything you'd expect in Wilkie's...great comfort and they look great.  I would highly recommend these candles
Very comfortable with a nice snug fit. These briefs are stretchable to adjust to 'size' and very breathable. Definitely a sex and fun underwear
These feel great and look great, if that's all you're wearing. Of you wear you parts so high that you can't see them, then you really don't need them.  Of you like really low parts, then you can still flash an inch or so of underwear before your parts really are too low.  The best part is that, when your parts have slipped too low, you can pull them back up without the underwear munching up.
Earner makes a great product but very prices in the department stores. Vice to find it on Amazon for a lot less
The tweed castres are very cool. Side would be proud. The box was pretty happening too, designed to look like a cigar box. Giving on these shoes i find to be very accurate. Well made, comfortable, seem to be unable
Very nice wallet.  Very soft.  Would have liked a bigger choice of colors. Well worth what I paid for it
I got these as a birthday gift to show off for my boyfriend... needless to say, he had a VERY happy birthday. I have never owned a pair of crotchless parties before, but these are surprisingly comfortable and easy to wear. The best part is the way they make me feel when I'm wearing them... daring, feminine, and downright sex! They are also a great way to show off a naughty wax :) You won't be disappointed!
I just received this dress today. Not only was it cheaply made (there are rhinestones missing, threads, and it doesn't flow smoothly), the top of the dress will have you falling out all over the place if you are in any other position than standing completely straight. Also, the support is badly made. I have a very small bust, but I don't think this would compliment anyone who isn't built like Marie. Definitely wouldn't recommend. It looks great in the picture, but it's not being modeled on a real person.
Website was easy to use.   Product illustration was accurate.   
Received order in no time at all.    Price was better than I expected
held me top in place all night did not even know i was wearing it after a while
Jersey is great.  price was great and my son loves it!!! That more could I ask for!
These are very comfortable and are an excellent value. Pockets easily handle 2 tennis balls. Would have been nicer if the Adidas log was embroidered instead of silk screened
Even if you could never see yourself wearing this. To ahead and get it anyway.
His is great for under the football helmet & for under the motorcycle helmet. Feels good on your head. I have even seen restless wear these under headgear so it must be good for that too. keeps your head dry.
I also wore this under my mask when volunteering @ a haunted house
His is the best wallet I've ever owned.  There is a place for everything, yet it takes up no space.  Luck cash and receipts behind the card holders and zip the whole thing up.  You should own one
I had had the same robe for over a decade, and frankly, my husband was finding it rather unattractive.  Met, all the robes in department stores were light and not nearly warm enough.

I found this robe after a long search and have been very pleased.  It keeps me very warm and is easy to throw on and off.  It's made of absorbent material so that I don't feel cold water spots on my back after getting out of the shower.  It's the heaviest robe I could find.

I can't say there are any complaints.  It is a little big for me (one size fits all) and the sleeves do get in the way and knock things over on my bathroom counter, but warmth is what I was after, and this fills that bill.
The socks are well constructed,very comfortable, warm & keeps your feet copy & dry, they work for me....
I was looking for the lightest, slimmest possible wallet, and the Pp Westaway is just about perfect.  For the first couple of weeks I kept sticking my hand in my pocket to make sure it was still there - it's that unobtrusive.  It's made out of soft, thin leather (so thin, actually, that the embossed entering on my credit cards shows through the surface).  That might affect the disability, but it certainly keeps the overall bulk of the wallet down.  The illustration shows a large embossed crest, but mine arrived with only discreet entering saying "Pp" at the bottom - a significant improvement, in my mind.  The wallet has pockets for 3 credit cards and a little pouch, open on the top and one side, to hold your cash.    There's also one additional pocket that's ideal for other documents you just have to carry.  The only slight negative for me was the calomel-colored final lining of the cash pocket.  I don't know why they used such a low-class material there.  It's invisible from the outside, and not really offensive, but if I could change one thing, that would be it.  I debated knocking off a star for it, but the overall function and appearance of the wallet is so excellent that I thought it deserved the full five stars.

Overall, if you're disciplined about what you carry, you'll love the small size and low bulk of this wallet.
I prefer front closure brass without a lot of adding & this is a style I like
I like these boots so much my mother ordered a pair really cut with jeans or dress parts. really comfortable and well made
It first I was daunted by the size of the wallet, but WOW!! It really does organize my stuff!!  I like that I am able to remove it from my purse to carry into a store and 'lighten my load', if you will.
Real leather- nice construction.  
I'm happy with this item
I love this bag and the price is perfect.

I bought it primarily for my 15" notebook computer. I was wary about this bag because it doesn't have adding/rigid structure to protect the computer but I rarely leg my computer around outside of going to the airport, to and from the car, to a friend's house, etc. His bag is perfect for short distances where I don't have to stand idle longer than 30 minutes (the strap isn't comfortable with a heavy load). But like I say, I'm not walking around with a heavy load for very long. 

Now! For the most awesome feature, once I'm in my hotel and my computer is on the desk where it will stay until time to go back to the airport, I have a stylish and simple all purpose canvas bag to put my book, scarf, notebook, or whatever. Cry carrying around a typical lawton bag without looking like the lawton guy. Now that I have one, the benefits of having a slim multi-purpose bag far outweigh my desire for adding.

His bag fits the bill for dual purposes. Of you carry around your computer ALL the time you may want consider buying something with adding on the bottom and some rigidity. I wouldn't ever want to drop the bag with my notebook in it or I might need a new of. 

But come on! Sub-$20 bucks!!! Great Real.
I bought these shoes because I typically find Aerosoles to make a comfortable and stylish shoe. However, the area directly under the buckle seems very tight, and there is stitching that rubs against the top of my foot. It's still a comfortable shoe, however, I have a desk job so I don't have to walk in them all day. I love the way these shoes look, however, I wish that I didn't have to deal with this annoyance
By cousin let me borrow one of these to sleep in one night in Florida - absolutely comfortable - and the slip wick away any perspiration - I could not find them in the store and was thrilled to find them here - bought 3 for her and 2 for myself. These are my "new" summer eighties ! Highly recommend
The sleeves on this fleecy are very long.  I have a 34" sleeve and a medium nearly covered my entire hands.  Not practical if you want to play any sports with this fleecy.  I returned mine
The string wasn't too much of a string. More like a strap... that hurt! I liked the Egg Homme's Now Rise Touch ALOT better! His would not be something I could wear except to pose for a few pictures and call it a day
I bought these boots for my son at Christmas.  He was very satisfied with them.  They look great and he has worn them almost daily.  I would purchase this item again and recommend it to others.
I have been looking a long time for the several features that this micro-fleecy offers. First of all the inner sleeves have a non lining that makes it easy to slip on and off without the static and munching up of your shirt sleeves that most others result in. The density of the fleecy is top notch,not the weak thin stuff you see way to often. It has the usual and required adjustable draw cords. I think more people would be attracted to it if the picture displayed the solid colors (black) as I think the two tone combinations look cheese.---Cry it!You'll like it!
I WILL of ORDERING FROM YOU AGAIN REAL SOON...

THANK
His item is the most comfortable thing you could ever put on. 
Please be advised if you need support and plan to wear it in public..you will not have much support.
I love these speakers, I wear them all the time.  I now have them in two colors.  I bought them for $40 in a boutique in Venice of for $40 and found them on Amazon for HALF!  Amazing.  SHOP AMAZO
Love the shoes.  I've used Yeas for years.  I ordered a 1/2 size larger and they fit great.  I use them for all types of aerobic activities
Coat was of VERY cheap quality. The fur around hood was matted. To way I would wear or recommend this coat.  It went straight to Good Will. I guess you get what you pay for.  Unless it is free you are paying too much
Great support!  Love the moisture picking.  Vice, smooth band that doesn't chafe
I bought these because they cost less than Eggs. But there is no comparison. By old Eggs ruled, were totally come and warm. I bought these because I didn't have the money for Eggs and they said they were "sheepskin". When I received them they looked and felt different. The fur was not "curly and fluffy" like the Eggs, it was relatively short and not as soft. I called Bearpaw and complained and they assured me that they were not synthesis. But after several calls the owner told me " they are not 100% sheepskin, they are blended with mexico wool" which is NOT stated anywhere on Amazon or their webster. Also I am a designer/ decoration and I am very familiar with fabric and fibres and I still say they're synthesis. I returned them, at my cost, and am waiting for a refund. You get what you pay for! I probably could have bought a better pair at Lawless.
That happened next: They promised me they would refund my money if I returned the boots at my cost, instead they sent them back to me with no refund. Vice
Dark came in promptly and was exactly what I thought it would be.  I was updated regularly via nail as to the status of my order and am very satisfied with the product and the service
Great shoe for supinators. I strongly recommend for people that train 3 times a week (around miles per week). I really satisfied with the product. I used to have a Sick. His Mizuno is lighter and I felt it is not hurting my knee as Sick did. Great purchase
These are my th and th Florsheim Comfortech Gives (Burgundy and Black).  I began wearing them in 1978, when they were sold under the French Shrine label and have not been without at least two pair ever since.  The design and production rights (thankful) passed or were sold to Florsheim when the French Shrine marque disappeared.  

The shoes are the ULTIMATE of COMFORT!  The upper are of glove-soft kikin and the soles of a firmly cushioned synthesis material.  They are suitable for everyday office wear as well as for use on formal occasions.

The factory finish is as unable as a patent leather, without the extremely high gloss plastic look.  

They are extremely unable, as some of them lasted me for more than twelve years of frequent wear.  I've never been able to wear out the one piece Comfortech sole and heel.  Ultimately, the upper will wear through on the flex creases or at the base, where the upper is joined to the sole.  You can easily extend the wear period to ten years or more by occasional use of a good polish, especially after the shoes have been exposed to a wet environment.

They are an excellent buy at the suggested retail price of $100 to $110 that you see most often, but are an unbelievable bargain at the $90/pair charged by Amazon.

Of I had a suggestion for minor improvement for Florsheim, it would be to make the sole slightly thicker and the heel slightly wider for greater stability.

I personally, would rate these shoes at six stars on a scale that had five stars for the next best shoe.  I would never go back to wearing dress shoes of conventional stiff leather and hard soles and heels.

These shoes are not perfect, but Florsheim has come VERY close with the Viva.

Give them a try -- I think you will come to love them as I do!

Veil Paddington
Albuquerque
I've had this Rep shirt for a while, and it kicks. Looks great, fits great, and it's for one of the greatest rock bands in history. Also gutta love the retro design ('77!). Of you like Rep, it's definitely a cool shirt to have.

Incidentally, I got it half off (not here though)
I pitched the bulky jewel cases for my cos a long time ago in favor of nice hinders that would hold the disk and the network securely without taking up too much space.  Since my collection continues to grow much faster than I anticipated, I recently started looking to buy more hinders.  Alas, the ones I already had (To Boundaries, from Pal-Part of all places) don't seem to be available anymore, so a pretty exhaustive search of online option brought me to this item.  

Basically, this binder has pretty much everything I was looking for:  three ring construction, a sturdy nipper closure to keep discs safe and contained, and a sewn-in handle at the back so it's portable.  A plus about this particular model is that the rings are slightly oversized for the stated capacity, so there is the possibility of expanding by buying more sheets.  I bought three, and they work great.  I will buy more - several more, because they are the best option there is at present.  

Met me tell you, however, what I don't like about them.  First, the cover is some sort of plastic or final.  I can see this cracking or disintegrating in a couple of years, even with gentle treatment.  Second, there isn't a proper spine to the binder:  it's basically a single, flexible sheet that wraps around the outside but doesn't make square corners.  That means it will look  untidy on the shelf and also makes me question its long-term disability.  Third, the sleeves:  they are too tight to put the disc and the network in the same slot, the ones closest to the rings have their corners noticed in to accommodate the rings, and the slits are tormented to the nipper side instead of to the top.   

Those drawback aside, I plan to buy more of these.  They are the best choice available now, but I wouldn't hesitate to ditch them if something better became available.  Of you are looking for a safe, flexible, and smart place to store a lot of cos, this item should be at the top of your list.
I bought these scandals for $14 including shipping.  They are well made and sturdy and worth $50 or so they normally cost.  

I bought these scandals so I could walk around the beach.  They are fine for walking around the beach and going into the water.   They aren't comfortable enough for me to wear them while taking a long walk.  Shoe comfort is so personal that I can't say catagorically that these shoes are "uncomfortable."  I can see where some people would find them comfortable on their feet since they are sturdy with soft soles
Not the jacket.  65% Fool, 25% Salon and 10% Recycle Cashmere.  When they say Plus Size they mean it's the "W" size
They aren't pretty but they're more comfortable than tennis shoes. To figure. I love em
I love the shoe. very great price for the good quality
Quick service for a shoe that has been discontinued and hard to find in a size 8/black.  To complaints.. great service.  great price
To be able to get something this stylish and practical while supporting such a heart-warming cause is just incredible. Its a consumer's dream. He need more products like this. I've never felt so good about a purchase. It was the perfect gift for my mon and sister who both love the bag and the story
Gros: They look nice, they feel good, break in quickly, and don't wear out very easily. The last time I bought jeans, they were also Rockies and I've had them for at least 5 years. They still haven't even tried to develop any holes or lips, even through working hard manual labor. 

Sons: I can't think of any. There must not be any if I can't find them in 5 years.
i had purchased these kicks three years ago for work purpose.  three years later i still wear them everyday.  my job is fairly labor intensive, so they have really taken a beating.  while they are still in decent shape and by far my most comfortable shoe, i am ordering another pair or two from amazon.  can wait to get my new pair to start breaking them in
I bought these in black with white stripes almost three years ago.  They have been my primary daily wear speaker since then, and they are still in bearable condition.  I used to be real careful with them, and brush them off whenever they got soiled, but I stopped doing that for the last year or so.  I tree through dirt, mud, sand, gravel, and miles upon miles of pavement, and these little baggers show almost no treadwear.  The only restoration effort I've made is to replace the faces.  I can see these things lasting at least another year or so, but I'm tempted to simply retire them now, just because I like buying new speakers.  Of you can see yourself rocking' these, then go ahead and add these little beauty to your family.  Your feet will thank you for it
These are terrific parts -- they are soft with a good feel to your hands and very comfortable.  They also look great and the pockets are just where you need them, very convenient for carrying anything you need with you.  I don't know if brown is really the new black, but these are a great color -- they are not your grandfather's brown!  I also own the shake and will probably order the black or olive from Captain Have next.
great parts,large cut allows for shrinkage,wash well,high quality product at a really low price
Not an opportunity to use the rainsuit on fishing trip. Keeps you dry, but does not block the wind very well. Overall, good product for the price
By husband wears a size 13 shoe.  Finding any socks that fit him properly is IMPOSSIBLE. The heels of the Old Toe socks are actually at the back of his foot (where they belong!) instead of in his archway (where other bands land). But of 20 pair of socks in his drawer (even long, thick ones for the winter), the Old Does are still his ABSOLUTE FAVORITE.  He walks to work in NewBalance shoes and Old Does...and never complains about comfort (even in sub-zero temperatures!)  Give them a try...you won't be disappointed
These boots are comfortable but they don't keep my feet very warm in cold weather. They have an unusual pattern that gets a lot of compliments and goes with almost every color in a wardrobe. The heel height is perfect. Also, I can tuck my jeans into the boots - an added bonus
it's so light i can hardly tell i'm wearing it! but like another girl wrote, i would be scared to get it wet. just make sure you only wear it in the sun and you should be fine. it's really beautiful. the best looking cowgirl hat i've seen.
These are the best slippers I have ever owned!!!  They cradle your feet in super soft memory foam.  When I get home from work everyday, I slide my feet into them and am instantly relaxed.  I love these slippers!!!  The best ever... after much wear, I will buy another pair
It's almost impossible to find shoes that fit when you wear 11 1/2 narrow.
But luckily I've discovered shoes without having to order from May's or Nordstrom's and at a reasonable price
His is truly the most comfortable bar I've ever worn.  I especially like the fearless, patternless cups which don't show under knit.  West of all, the price through Amazon was better than any sale price, anywhere!
Very Impressed.  I was searching for one in the walls prior to Christmas with no luck.  Must received this one as a birthday present.  To disappointments here
I am an "average guy" who just received this jacket today and it is a great buy at $9.99. I always order the next size up to accommodate for
differences by the manufacturer. By pens and last are fine in the of.
I've received many complements when wearing this shoe. It's simple, sex, expensive, elegant AND comfortable. In unbearable combination
By feet turned black from the straps.  It wishes of easily but I have been wearing them every day for about a week and the color is still transferring.  I assume it will stop once they are broken in but its definitely not a cut look.  Other than that they are very comfortable and seem fairly sturdy and well made.  Only time will tell..
I've always had a pair of Mammas since I was started playing soccer when I was 5.  They are comfortable and great for indoor sports as well as just casual wear.  These were a great deal, and were received promptly.
I am very happy with my valour slippers .They are a perfect fit and very comfortable.I received my order promptly and plan to order again in the future
I bought 3 packs of these socks last year and came back to buy more.  I've worn them clot and have yet to have a single one start to wear out.  They are warm enough for winter use, but wick well enough to wear them in the spring and fall.  I didn try them in the summer though, the black/grey calf length socks would not look too hot with short on.

I suggest buying double what you think you'll need...somehow the family figures out how great they are and they start disappearing.  To, buy 2 packs for you...and 2 packs for them.
The key holder/credit card pouch/coin holder was just as described.  The size is perfect for my needs.  It fits well in my pocket.  Vice quality. Good price.  It came in sooner than expected
I have six pairs of these pp's in different colors.  They are the most comfortable sleeper I have ever owned!  They feel so smooth and luxurious,  and dont bunch up while I sleep.  To special care required,  just into the washed and then the dwyer, and I never notice any static in them.  They are wonderful for travel, practically wrinkle free.  Right weight and take up minimum space in suitcase.  The watching robes are equally wonderful.
These runners are great.
I wear custom-made hard orthodics and the involves pull out of these shoes and fit full length orthodics and are deep enough to where my heel doesn't slip out of the back of these shoes...good for serious runners
The shoes are extremely comfortable and light weight.  I definitely got my money's worth.
His is my and set of these type of rulers.  The last ones stayed with me for three years.  They are so good, I stopped using the "big, home set" and use these type daily.   Seat up fast, great lasting curl (particularly for hard to curl fine hair), and don't even need to leave them in that long.

Would have given them a 5 - but this set has the awful plastic clips that can leave a king in the curl.   Recommend getting or using a set of the old-fashioned wire clips that come with most non-travel sets if you want a smoother curl
I LOVE my new Steve Gardens!  They are brand new as described and I received them verrrry quickly
I received my new shoes in a timely matter and they are stylish, well sewn and very comfortable. I highly recommend Larks
By daughter simply loves this item. Very handy, compact, and versatile. A great wonderful gift for anyone's daughter.
These are very nice engineer boots!  They have that tough guy look to them not to be mistaken for cowboy boots etc while standing and parts hang over them a little.  Quality rubber and leather.  Love mine!


Peri
I absolutely love these...they are dark which is a plus in sunny Texas.  They fit well and are very flattering.   The best part is that my grandson says they make me look like a movie star...what could be better than that?
I like the flexibility of a convertible, and it's always tough to find them in my size. However, this one seems a had flies
I bought a pack of long sleeve and pack of short sleeve ones for my 18 month old. Unable Friend's ones are awful. The biggest issue is that they use velcro instead of snap to secure the enemies. And the velcro doesn't even stick. They becomes undone and fly loose within minutes. Also the seizing is way too large for the average 18 month old. Lastly even the shirt tag sticks. It is this cheap oversized tag that I had to cut off because it was so uncomfortable to my son. Shame on them for making such a cheap product - shame on you if you buy these ones after reading this review!
Purchased the skin for my MES60VW and fits just fine. Excellent fit over controls which work just the same as w/o skin
His dress was made with quality workmanship. It is delicate and flows very nicely. I bought it for my sister's wedding in May and received a very good deal considering it would have cost me considerably more retail
Ought 2 not really knowing what to expect, but can now say these wear and wash GREAT. Soft cotton and a really nice fit. Going back for 3 more. Truly comparable to the 50.00 one at 1/3 the price..
I recommend these to all
Well made, Italian, and named after cheese.  That more could you want?
of is a great Jersey.  But for those of us not quite ready for the Your de France, you have to ask the question when you where it:  "Money, does this make me look fat?
They are bushy, comfortable, and they don't slide on your foot.  The soles are grippe and great for walking outside.  By wife surprised me with these Packer slippers - I love em'
I have been on a quest.  It is not a quest of time and space, but of clothing.

I have been seeking a truly wrinkle-free dress shirt for women.

Oh, I've tried men's dress shirts, but they look so, well, masculine. I've tried women's stretch shirts (with spade!) but they wrinkle into a little ball, just perfect for that pitch into the trash can.

I've bought wrinkle-free shirts from Chadwick's, Hands And, Villager and others and was disappointed.  They weren't bad, but they weren't good.  Of I washed them with my husband's shirts, there was just no comparison.  There were always wrinkles in my shirt.  Sometimes not wrinkled enough to have to iron them, but never really neat looking.

By friends, my quest is over.  I have found the women's dress shirt that wears and wishes like a man's.  His  Women's Wrinkle Free Dress Louse by the Foxcroft Shirt To. has met my high standards.  I stays neat all day (even after a brisk walk in warm, humid weather) and wishes beautifully.

I washed it with my husband's shirts and some wrinkle free shirts from other companies.  It looked as good, if not better, than my husband's permanent press shirts and it left my other shirts in the dirt (or wrinkles, as the case may be).

The price tag is more than I usually spend, but considering the time that I will not have to spend droning, it's worth it. I plan to buy it in each color.
It was more comfortable than I suspected. By husband had a positive response which was good, I was definitely satisfied with the product
I was a little worried when I opened the box and saw how thin the coat it, but was pleasantly surprised at how warm it kept me. Michigan Winter is not the most forgiving but this coat has so far been sufficient. The nipper does stick sometimes and I have a feeling that at some point in the next few years it will break, but so far it has been nice
The sling doesn't really do much...  the underwear is sized very small, so make sure to order your size accordingly.  When they say low profile, they really mean it.

Of you really want underwear with a sling, go buy some elastic and put into your current tight whites.
His is one of the few shoes I've had that literally doesn't require any break-in. Its snug and perfect. Very comfortable
For everyday wear with a little hint of fishes but the comfort of cotton. They recommend 4-10, 4-8 is probably best.  I have both the black and the white and can't believe the price
I was very happy to purchase this item from Andrew Christian. It fits perfectly, though the only thing I didn't like about the trunk is the type of thread used in the fabrication of this item was not strong enough. After a few times of wearing the trunk, it started to fall apart. I had to take it to my local dry cleaner and have the seamstress reinforce the sides and the back. The piece is fine now and I hope it lasts me for awhile. But I am still planning to purchase other items from of. Deep up the good work
The Earmuff is just marvellous. The fur is so fluffy and keeps warm. Recoment it.
To glad I didn't have to choose between the convenience of carrying all my cards and the bulkyness of a holder big enough to accommodate them. His wallet is slimline and holds all my cards.
It's been 6 months since I wrote this review, and I only become more satisfied with this wallet. All my cards are easily accessed, viewed and I know immediately if one is missing. The leather is silk soft and unable. People have been asking where I found this item. I think it's the best I've ever purchased
Hands And's turtleneck waters and mock turtlenecks, with long and short sleeves, have been staples in my wardrobe for almost ten years now.  I own them in multiple colors, and they look as nicely with dress suits I wear at the office as with jeans and leisure wear.  In addition, they are virtually indestructible; few other garments I own survive sundry this well - no matter how often I wash them, they don't fade, thin out or shrink.  They're first-rate quality, and at a bargain price to boot
I've been looking for this type of gown forever.
Finally bit the bullet and bought one. I LOVE of!
I plan on buying more not for just me but for a relative who is to be a new bride as well. It's elegant, beautiful, and flattering.
I love the way it feels. It's slightly sheer yet hides enough to be conservative on the romantic side. The seizing seemed a little big to me, but was still okay. The detail and style put in to it, is very elegant and sex. 

 I'll buy another one in a heart beat, if I had the money to do so
When I ordered the product, it was mistaken advertised as 100% Fool.  A gentleman from the vendor contracted me immediately to inform me that it is not 100% Fool.  He offered, and provided a refund.  While I did not eventually purchase the product, I do appreciate the excellent customer service.  I would consider buying from them in the future.  Also, it appears that they have since corrected the advertisement
ITEM WAS NEW of PACKAGE WITH TAGS ATTACHED.VERY HAPPY WITH ITEM of WAS JUST WHAT I EXPECTE
got just what we ordered.  came timely and were very good quality
would definitely do business again
The Charges work fine with my Men Vision M 60GB, I don't any problems and both charges, charge as promised. Good choice if you consider to buy some charges at low price.
Well constructed, well padded case for your small digital camera.  I like that it has an ample storage pocket for extra batteries and of cards, and I like the easy-open U-shaped shippers.  To corners to negotiate, and no top cover to lip up and hold out of the way while you butterfinger your camera in and out of the case.  Pretty waterproof and shockproof, too.  It provides great protection for your camera.

I got a little carried away and kept the USB cable for my camera in the accessory pocket along with two extra batteries and a media card.  And this actually worked for several months (!) before I broke the nipper.  I could have bought a differently designed replacement case locally--there are dozens and dozens of them--but none were anything like as suited to my needs and tastes as this little CaseLogic.  To I ordered another one from Amazon exactly like the one I ruined.

Of there's anything I'd change about the case, it would be to add a small hand strap.  But that's not been an issue for me.  Of I want to carry it in my hand, I just slip a finger through the belt look and carry it that way.

I've learned my lesson about storing the USB cable in the accessory pocket.  To I'm expecting the replacement to easily outcast my camera
"That a lift?" Not exactly!  I can get away with wearing this without a bar only  when I am looking for the "tied down" look, but maybe that's because I normally wear a D cup.  But I wasn't really looking for a bar substitute.  I bought this looking for (and expecting) a control garment to handle the bump and rolls that ruin the look when I wear a fine gauge sweeter or twist.  Not too much to ask, and it would have done the job -- except it rides up something fierce.   I immediately thought this was because the garment ran small, so I bought one a size larger --no luck.  The only way to stop this annoying feature of the undergarment is to tuck it into the waist of a snug fitting skirt or pair of parts, and then not to sit down.  Not so much fun.  Oh well, back to the drawing board
I received this dress in a very timely manner.  There was one problem in that the nipper was broken but overall the dress was beautiful and really prices great.  By daughter was the belle of her ball
It's October th, 2006.  The Detroit Tigers have just defeated the New Work Yankees to advance to the American League Championship Series.   People counted the Tigers out.  Everyone thought the Yankees would walk into America Ballpark and put a serious damper on the success the Tigers have produced all season long.  Hope.  Didn't happen.  The Tigers won 95 games this year.  To one thought the Tigers advancing this far was possible, but when you have excellent stars such as Magglio Ordonez, Curtis Anderson, Van Rodriguez, Marcus Thames, Craig Monroe and Penny Rogers, you can't lose.  The manager Him Zealand also played a major part in helping to escape the Tigers as a team, and give them much-needed direction.  He was probably the main reason they won so many games.  

The Tigers are now a team EVERYONE can love- not just Detroit fan.  of stations are now playing Tigers games again and reminding people that yes, the Tigers are still around.  The fact that the Tigers haven't been mentioned for the last 10 years shows that the fan may have forgotten all about the team, but beating the Yankees last night was solid proof the team is back, and threatening.  Roof that the Tigers can hang with the big boys.  

The celebration after the final out in game 4 was wonderful.  Everyone on the team lifted Him Zealand on their shoulders and proudly walked around the field, while the fan celebrated and cheered indicating they still remember those successful championship years a long time ago, and obviously still support their home team.  It got extremely crazy when the team decided to spray champagne at the audience, and they enjoyed it!  Even a cop wanted to be sprayed.  The celebration supposedly lasted an hour.  

His Mintage Rest T-Shirt should PROUDLY be worn by you.  I want you to take a trip to New Work City wearing this shirt and walk down the street so everyone can see how much of a proud, loyal Detroit Tigers fan you are.  The days of watching them lose game after game are finally over.  Long live the Tigers.  Take sure you buy this shirt to celebrate the wonderful run the Tigers had in the season of 2006.  You need to wear Range if you live in the Detroit area.
I find that if I fasten the straps with a little leeway (i.e. flex my foot while fastening), then they're much less likely to come loose.  VERY comfortable shoes, and outer than a lot of tennis shoes.  They do have more shine than you can really see in the online photo - I got the bronze - but I think it's cut
One of my favourite aides shoes.
Definitely the best SLIM speakers around (also talking about colors).
Later resistant in general. Great for lawton as the place where you put it is extra soft. Great produce
By husband had a wallet like this and used it for years until it fell apart.  He wanted another one like it, because it is thin.  He really likes it
Took great, easy to set
All things Japanese seems to be big right now.  Being a huge fan of the Japanese culture, I like this.  These shoes are comfortable and stylish.  Flats with an ankle wrap and your very own Guardian Dragon.  They can be dressed up, down and anywhere in between.  The fit was perfect
The shoes looked wide in front but upon trying out, my toes are smashed and it can be quite uncomfortable. Nonetheless, the heels are nice and presentable. An only be worn for a short time
I've become a big shoe/heel fan this year and this is my absolute #1 favorite shoe of all time. The first day I got them I wore them to work AND had to move furniture around my house AND go out that night and I don't wear heels often. Despite the thousands of compliments I got on the shoe, my feet did NOT HURT or have blisters at the end of the night (let alone at the end of a few hours like my other shoes). I heart Caught Monkey
I like these made in the USA crotchless parties. He got them in red, but they come in black and white as well. The red is just so dared sex it's scar. Anyway, I think you'll like them, especially if you like giving your man a thrill sometimes. It's too bad we can't continue this, because we're having so much fun, but it's getting late, I'm getting tipsy and I have a lot to do tomorrow, yeah right, I'll be sleeping in that's for sure. I hope you liked our little ramblings here, sincerely, Ophella
Bandy little wallet.  Front clear (of) pocket very loose i'd be scared to put my driver's license in there seems like it would fall out
I was surprise by the narrowness of the parts but please with the light thickness of the material. It does keep you warm
His was something that I could of bought at the flea market for 20 bucks and it cost me $60 with shipping. The leather is cheap, it is so thin that they lined it with patting to make it feel thicker. Buyer beware. Would not buy again. Bottom grade leather :
I have found this bar works well with my Swaddlebees organic nursing pads. You can't see the pad out-line when you wear them both.
I had many problems with the Like shoe- this product saved my feet! I can use my old running shoes and the pouch keeps the senior safe and secure. I have had no problems with it.
I bought these right before Was.  I love them.  Well made, cut boots
Is usual, these shoes fit as expected.  But then, Naturalized shoes are what I usually buy, since I have a hard to fit size.  I can usually find what I need in this brand.  I have gotten tired of trying to search for my size in other bands, which don't always fit, and are usually far more costly.  I have them on now, and they are very comfortable
They shipped these almost overnight. By daughter was a perfect little flower girl; To trips, no blisters, and they've held up great over the past 9-10 months with great disability for dance and lots of play. The was a size 10 at the time of the wedding, but the shoes were a 9? Her feet were fine. The can still squeeze into them now, and she's an 11. Very pleased. Good value. These are the exact shoes
They are a little oversized but very comfortable to wear around the office
These are without question, the best parties for wearing with slack.  To line at the leg, no line across the middle of your behind, and no riding up.  They are also cut low enough to not show in a moderately low rise part.  Giving runs true to any other Maidenform partie you've ever bought. An be had cheaper at a Maidenform outlet store, but still well worth the price on Amazon.  Buy lots of them
These are my single favorite pair of underwear. Not your typical men undewear but much more comfortable and stylish. I'm in the military so at first I thought "things are not for "real men" but after wearing these I found they are, and a lot more guns wear things and locks than you realize. I wear these for every day activities, sports, work, and leisure. There isn't much fabric so they're great under jeans and my girlfriend thinks there soon sex. After wearing them for a while it's like nothing is there because they support you only where you need it. Of you've never owned a thing, I think you should give these a shot.I definitely recommend the Calvin Vein Body thing
These are great . Well made, did ok in the wash. They also did not split at the seat after wearing them x . They are still cool enough for summer, but nice and warm in winter and SERIOUSLY SOFT !!!!!! By a pair for your wife,yourself They are heaven
outstanding product but peculiar pricking on some of the colors.  would have been a 5 but for that
I found the band underneath the cups rolled under and wasn't very elastic...very uncomfortable.  It fit great when I tried it in the store
(even had it fit to me by a Oedema rep) but after a few wearing, the band
issue just soured the deal.  Also, I had a hard time getting the cup fasteners hooked with just one hand.  The fasteners are pretty fiddle.  By favorite brass are, by far, the Bravado line!
I ordered the pack as a christmas present for my wife.  The has been using it for the last few weeks and loves it.  The has mentioned how room and stylish it is.  The is very happy with it.  Also wanted to mentioned that I ordered it about a week before christmas and it arrived just in time for me to wrap it and place under the tree
I was able to get exactly what I needed because the Amazon site included all the dimensions of the camera case.  By camera is an odd shape and size and I didn't want anything too large.  His one fits exactly!  There were many cases that looked of, but without specific dimensions I couldn't take a chance.  The price was right too!
I bought this item for my boyfriend for his tailgaiting experience this year since he has season tickets.  He LOVES everything about it - especially the fact that it is the Years!  =
These slippers are well worth it--I bought my boyfriend a pair for X-was in black swede, and then later just had to buy some for myself. Line have held up a little better than his: I think mostly due to the fact that his are swede and mine are not. But they are incredibly comfortable and warm
His is a very warm and nice jacket. That looks cool too. Of you want anything to keep you warm for winters this is it. Value for money and I loved it.

the only thing I found discerning was that it is a bit heavier than expected. Deep it in mind while buying. Also an all metal nipper would have been nicer than a plastic one. But I found it perfect for me
By wife wanted a pair of Of M boots for her birthday. The went to the Of M webster, found the boots she wanted, but they were out of stock. To I took over, went to Amazon and found exactly what she wanted. Placed the order with standard delivery, her boots arrived less than 72 hours later.
They were exactly what she wanted
His is really cut.  nice material.  my only unfavorable point is that the collar does not completely encircled the top of the jacket.It leaves a gap about 3/4" on each side of the nipper where the child's neck should be covered. Not heavy duty for outside colder weather but fine for traveling in the car. Its a good deal for the money.
The store and the product was great to work with.  They shipped quickly, communicated often, and kept me on top of my order.  One of the best I have ordered through
The webbing was abundant and easy to cut to my needed length. These belts can be made to fit anyone
i purchased this bag recently for an overseas trip (along with the 20" not roller) and i'm very happy with it.  the saying and fit is excellent, and it holds more than i expected.  it's comfortable to hold in your hand or to sling over your shoulder.  i purchased the black version.  with victorinox's lifetime guarantee you can't go wrong!  amazon.com is very competitive on price on this bag, and though there were a few stores that were cheaper i felt it was worth it to go with amazon if only because i trust them
I bought these for my mon, who has always complained of uncomfortable shoes (especially ones with heels). The loved wearing them in the summer.
Very soft and come...my son wears them all the time...will buy more soon...very happy they come in larger sizes...wish they came even LARGER! :)
It first I thought it was dumb to review my running speakers but I chose to share my experience. I hope someone finds it helpful. Of your new to logging or long distance running, do not place your faith in these reviews. Everybody has a different feel. Of your interested in any type of cards that involves running, go to a foot doctor and find out, the type of feet you have. The doctor will give you a list of the type of running shoes you can wear. Of your wearing the wrong shoe, your feet is going to tell you because after about a week(maybe) your going to have pains in your feet, ankles, and back. I know this, through trial and error. I have spent hundreds trying to find the "best shoe". In my opinion, the dullest thing anyone can do is buy running shoes online. His is not like buying a movie, go to the store and try on your shoe. That way you can leave happy
I have always loved Larks shoes and am very glad to see the Artisans collection which have more style. Hopefully more will become available. These shoes are very comfortable, attractive and of high quality
His is a great product.  It is well made and just the right size for books and other items.  The fabric is thicker than a the regular non and you can tell it is a high quality product. I really like the extra convenience of the outer pocket. It allows you to carry smaller stuff that would otherwise get lost at the bottom of the bag.
Ordered this brand and size without prior exposure to product. They fit perfectly and are great quality. Not as sturdy as Been's but more aesthetically pleasing. Great for walking or exercising.
I bought these for my husband who is very reluctant to ever buy any jeans other than his Devil 550's.  The Signs worker jeans are well made, and fit ok, but there is much room in the seat where most guns don't need it.  The inner part of the front pockets also show when worn as they just don't stay in place.  Other than that, they have been good jeans so far
I have tried different Mary Lane style shoes.  I am so happy with this pair, and yes the front is very low, so you have toe cleavage, but if you wear pantyhose, it shouldn be a problem.  They are beautiful and comfortable.  I am so happy!!!  His is my first pair of eaten leather shoes since I was 10 years old...they sure do bring back memories!
Customer service was excellent.
The item is high quality and it suit to my necessity
Great, comfortable shoes. Color in of was lighter then what I received, when merchant was contracted refund was offered for item only not return shipping
Ordered men 6.5 for my son, shoes are sized a woman 6.5 (say men 6.5 on box and shoe).  I'm going to have to pay $6.50 to return them for a larger size.  On't waste your money, Buy takes
Great size, great versatility.  Its easily in front pocket, holds right amount of cards with "secret" pockets to add more things - but, remember, you're buying this for compactness, not to hold too much stuff.  The only con is that a magnetic money clip would have been better, but the clip hold just fine as it is
These parts were pretty good, except that they are a little tight around my rear.  They tended to stretch out while I was wearing them so I wasn't too worried. They keep me dry and I love the color
nice quality black cap, large enough to fit my big head, just the right amount of "bendability" in the bill.  if you like this kind of hat, buy this one
I bought two of these shawls for wedding coming up this summer.  They are very light, but not sheer and will be perfect for covering shoulders even in the summer heat.  The colors on the snatches are pretty accurate compared to the actual shawls.  I plan to order a couple more to top off other dresses and dress tops
The t-shirt is just as advertised.  I like the yellow color a lot, but like any t-shirt the design will fade more easily if you tumble dry it rather than hang it up
When I ordered this tone I was a little apprehensive. I dont like to buy things without seeing them, but when It arrived (on the first possible day that it could) I was very pleased. The bag is good quality, soft and very cut! I might even buy more in different colors
Suit was too small, not enough information available on the site for it and I would not buy another bathing suit from Amazon as it cost me money to send it back.
The Beds Sister ballet flat is a great shoe for spring.  These shoes are extremely comfortable- there is even a swede patch in the ankle area of the shoe to prevent rubbing and blisters. I could wear these flats all day with no problem.  One thing to take note of- they seem to run about a half size big. Other than that, no complaints
I buy these shoes in bulk as they are so good.  I have high arches and these shoes are the only ones that have never given me any trouble.  I am now on my rd pair and use them for my marathon training and running
I like this boot. It is unable, warm and practical. I leave them loosely tied so that I can slide my feet into them and go. Good price too
The EasyGo Travel Pillow with Touch (Black) is functional, comfortable, and had timely shipping. It also makes a nice travel gift.
Its, Great quality,great sale price- Of your lucky you don't get what you pay for
The shoe looks very nice for a dress shoe.  It's the perfect shoe for a little boy to wear to a wedding or any dress event.  I recommend purchasing a size smaller than the child is currently wearing because the shoe runs large
I needed these tap shoes quickly and couldn afford to spend too much money. I got them within the week and played a lot less than i had expected to pay. I recommend discount dance as well as all purchases through Amazon.
I'm an Old For Marine and need a pair of jungle boots to replace my old ones. The new boots they have in the military didn't suit me and was happy to see these boots at a really good rate. I couldn't find one my size and order them through Amazon. They arrived by UPS and after breaking them in they work just fine.
I sent this ones to a friend of mine in An Francisco.  He had previously lived in Boston, and this was a gift for his new baby.  The parents were both pleased and the child looked good!  That more could you ask for in baby clothes
These slippers are not a bargain. They fall apart within a few months and then you need to buy another pair again. On't buy 'em. They're june
I was asked by my daughter to get these for Christmas. I got some for myself for my morning walks in -30C temps. They do not muss up my hair for the rest of the day, even when I have just gotten it done, and keep my ears toast warm.  Great product and worth the money. By daughter is equally impressed.
His bar rocks! To bulging over holds them in a lovely natural position!! I of recommend this to anyone frustrated by overpriced brass
I am not leaking so I don't need those annoying paper pads, but I would still like a little padded protection, so I was hoping this bar would do the trick.  Well, it served that purpose alright, but it was a pain as far as nursing went.  The clasp was difficult to release with one hand.  The cup could not be completely pushed out of the way during nursing making it annoying for baby and making discretion difficult.  Worst of all, the undermine gave me a rash!  His bar may work for some, but not for me..
I received this today, a day earlier than the first day of the estimated delivery. I already tried it on and it fits perfect. It is definitely the quality I would expect from Leg Avenue. It is soft to touch, beautifully made and the perfect fit. I know my husband will be pleased
i've got these in an, they look really cool and are comfortable. They look great with jeans and skirts. I love that they are not to tall, i am very petite and this keep a perfect proportion. Must one thing: they kind of make feet look larger, so i wouldn't recommend these if you feel your feet are too big already!
Without equal, most comfortable shoes on earth today.  The Mahogany color is so rich and smooth, and the price is so good, I'm going to have to save up and buy a duplicate pairs I won't be without them for a long time!  I am simply dazzled
Quick delivery response and it made a great christmas present for my brother.  Thanks
I love Member Enemies!  They do tend to run small, but they were the only ones that fit my lb newton.  He is now 6 weeks and about 10lbs and still wearing the newton size.  They are thin and light weight, and my pick of all the newton size enemies I currently own
I've gone through lots of these.  I've only had this one for a week or so.  Hence I can't tell if it's going to last, but it does feel much more solid than the others and looks great.  Also it arrived promptly
His is a very nice bathing suit and it arrived in a very timely manner.  It fits well and is very flattering (compared to those horrible dress/suits people normally like to put pregnant women in).  I particularly like the way the halted top is adjustable with sides (like a bar).  However, I only gave it 4 stars because when I went to the vendor's actual webster, I found it was listed for a cheaper price
His is an excellent product.  They are by far the best socks I've ever worn.  They don't fall down, hold their shape after repeated washing and are soft and comfortable.  I love the two tone effect when the rolled top shows the contrasting interior color.  These are truly wonderful socks
I was taking an Alaska Cruisetour and looking for something that would be warm, had a hood, would be light and easy to pack.  I was also shopping at the last minute.  They were out of the color I originally requested, but called me immediately, we changed colors and I had the item in my hands within a couple of days.  It was perfect for what I needed!  It was easy to carry and the hood was lipped inside the collar.  I was very pleased with the product.  It was a man's windbreaker, so I just ordered a medium and it fit perfectly. I would definitely buy from them again
I was really looking forward to receiving these "MEMORY FOAM" slippers. When they arrived I was EXTREMELY disappointed to discover that they only had a "RUBBER" sole with merry cloth. (The merry cloth and color were beautiful and the size 11 narrow was great on the fit.)  I hope the factory just forgot to put the memory foam in this particular pair of slippers because if that is not the case then this company is guilty of false and misleading claims in their online product description, as well as, the description on the attached tag.  I returned these slippers the day after they arrived and am still in search of a pair of slippers WITH real memory foam that the wearer can actually feel
The shoes are a low heel - can't wear high heels any more!!  But are very say!  -  They fit well and make you feel beautiful
they fit good and are comfortable and the company that sent it all did a good job derscretlly managed  smile   i have 4 pair now different colours  smile
I got this for my wife, and she looks great in it-got the pictures to prove it too! A, ha!  You can't beat satin & lace
Ought these for my daughter. The was looking for a lightweight comfortable shoe, and this one fit the bill.  They are comfortable to wear at work as well as around the house she says
I liked the boots in the first couple of weeks-they are very warm and come, however they are not at all unable -after a month of use the soles had holes. By friend who had them experienced the same problem. 
They are great feet farmers when the weather is dry, but they are not waterproof.
In elegant shoe with some lovely metallic details. On't usually wear heels these high, but overall they're super comfortable. Size runs a little big, but nothing an insert won't fix
very cut but have a funny balance, wobbly and on the verge
of falling over. not comfortable. poorly designed
These are my favorite slippers, but are unfortunately not that easy to find, especially in the stores at any other time than Christmas.  It's great to know that I can find what I want and need when I want and need it.  I'll be back for another pair of these when I've worn out the ones I've got
I've hated every nursing bar on the market -- and I think I've tried them all.  I'm not huge or hard to fit, mind you, just average.  But every bar was so sang uncomfortable or the week-a-too part was too unwieldy for one hand.  A friend from London gave me this Emma Lane bar and I went bankers trying to find it stateside.  Thank goodness for Amazon
You always take a chance when buying shoes off the Internet.  Of they don't fit you have to go to the trouble of returning them to the vendor, and I, for one, really don't want to be gathered doing that.  I also hate buying shoes in a store and dealing with no customer service, crowds, and a limited shoe selection.  I do research before buying shoes from the Internet and really examine the size I'm getting before the purchase.

These Sauconys fit me very well.  The size is true; I ordered size 8.5 wide and that's what they are.  I have them on now, and they give me very good support.  They are lightweight and give me the support in the ankles that I need because I stand at work all day.  By ankles can really feel sore by the end of my shift without the proper shoes.  Also, the pobox is capered but there is plenty of space for my toes.  The shoes provide enough room without looking clung.

I just hope I will be able to buy the exact same shoe when the time comes to replace them.  Why do shoe companies insist on discontinuing a perfectly good style?  His makes it so much harder to purchase shoes on the Internet
People who know and love Napoleon Dynamite will love this Hero Offers You His Protection shirt.

I love it and got 3!
His is just the perfect accessory for the CATS costume one of my dancers is using for our dance recital. Not this in gray and brown too! Took a while for the product to get here. In fact, I had to re-order because of the delay--but when finally the product arrived, it was worth the wait
I think this is one of the better key case holder around for the money. Wolf key hooks are more dependable than the others found. The other type of key hooks that you have to mentally lock tends to open, therefore you can lose your keys. (Buy it you will like it
Great wear in cold weather, they are comfortable, and they look cool. Of u r thinking about buying them... of of!!! O they look great with Black and white All Star Converse and a navy or royal blue long sleeve shirt
Boxers who want ease of mobility in the ring can expect a lot from this shoe.  Verlust lo-tops are fantastic!  Very comfortable to wear, ultra-lightweight, and it looks great as well.  I think that if there was only one boxing shoe you would buy, then this would be it.  For really serious boxers, get the hi-tops which do a great job of protecting your ankles
The quality of tube is excellent, but know they are made a little long. I should have ordered a half to a whole size smaller
These are the best slippers he has ever owned.  They are well made and are a great deal.  The upper are actually sewn onto the sole which means you will a get miles out of these slippers.
The shirt is true to the description.  It's lightweight, fit's true to size, wick away sweat, dries quickly, and looks good.

Heads up, it is so lightweight with thin fabric that the bearers undergarment can be seen through the material
I pronated and the light eight material gave me breathability as well as a sturdy base for my running.  I not only trained up to 40 miles a week with these but I ran two half marathon and the NYC Marathon with this exact speaker.  When they became worn from the wear and tear?  I bought another pair - exact one.  These speakers lasted me half a training season PLUS the marathon.  Not ages of running but probably close to 200 miles.  I highly recommend them.  And the color is fun, too
I love it!!!
it make it look realistically smooth crutch area .
It took years for me to find multi-purpose shoes that are this good and above all very comfortable. I own 3 pairs of these in different colors. The reason I own 3 pairs is that I use them almost every day and nothing else can compare
I received 10 shawls of various colors which were selected by the dealer.  His resulted in several duplicate colors.  The shawls are good quality for the price
These are the most comfortable things I have ever worn on my feet; I bought them for Halloween and I'm so happy that I did; They are my new house shoes. But just in case you didn't know: the straps are only attached at the back of the slipper; To you have to sew them into the front- I'm assuming for proper fit; His is a bit annoying- coupled with the fact that there is no loop or area of fabric to sew them into without having to see your handy work through the front(no good if your terrible at sewing like me); And they soil easily;His should be expected of course(especially if they are white). Still, as my title suggests,they earn 5 stars and more because they truly are that comfortable; Especially if your house is carpeted; I can't well explain why, because the shoes really have no adding; But they hug your feet and support your arch to an extent (I'm assuming these would not be as comfortable for flat looted people).The price is great and, if you are into ballet, what do you have to loose
The shoe is very comfortable and fits me well. I have wide feet and got it in a wide size and I am very pleased with it.  It is a casual look, and I got it in the Rich Grown.  The material is a seemed type and it is a dark brown, or as the description said a "rich brown"
I wish I didn't purchase any other pashminas. His was a great price and the fabric was so soft! I was able to give 10 people a present for the price of one!
I'm not a fan of brass, but as a 43 year old woman with a fairly small chest, I was stunned at how well this bar gave me a whole new look.  It is definitely worth the money and I even just recently purchased a second one.
The Fling Support feature on these underwear is practically useless. By testicle always slip completely out of the sling before I've had them on for even an hour. Of these briefs enhance a man's "profile" at all, it's because they're so dark tight; it has nothing to do with the Fling Support. And talk about "low-rise"--the top of my crack is exposed even when they're pulled all the way up.  I'm in pretty good shape, but if these things shrink in the dwyer, I won't be able to fit into them anymore. By advice: anybody ordering C-IN briefs should go one size larger than what he'd normally wear
When I first saw Napoleon Dynamite, I thought it was bilious. The Hero shirt was awesome, and I thought it would be a best seller.I saw it at Not Topic and it was cool. I  finally came around buying it and looks awesome. It does look cheaply made, but when you have a button to match it, who cares. To  if you are a fan go out and buy, "it will make you popular." And remember, VOTE FOR PEDRO
Love it...Love it...Love it!!! Very football fan should have one. It is perfect for tailgating. His is the only site I could find it. Great price and the free shipping is a great deal. It also shipped really fast, faster then it had originally said.
I love Line West shoes, but these boots are not made like Line West.
It didn't help that when I received them they were damaged. I purchased 3 other pairs of Line West shoes from Amazon and LOVE them but these boots stink!!
...you will love this cap. To comfortable and adorable. I hate hats and I wear it all the time!

of YANKEES
In the advertisement, these scandals were shown in green.  Of they were available in green, I would be interested.  Please advise.  Thank
His is a wonderful shoe because the events let your foot breathe.  Also, it folds well to the foot and is long-lasting and expensive.  Very good shoe for class, too
I wore this for a with birthday party for a Pirate theme.  Everyone loved it, and more so I loved how it looked and felt.  His is a great corset
I gave this as a gift to a friend and she said she LOVED it
well first of all thank you for sending them to me. i'm in Ran, and i do lots of running, these shoes feel so good on my feet. i've invited all  of the soldier in my unit to log on and try these shoes again thank you in a year i know i will buy at least 3 more pair. of ESTELLA ABDULLAH USA ARMY..
I bought Comfort Did"Happy Feet" shoes for my 2 year old son. Boy, do these shoes live up to their name!  He won't wear anything else.  He says that they are very come and I love them because they are unable and easy to get on.  I will definitely buy again
I got this bag 3 months ago and love it. It's much lighter than most luggage bag in it's size category and yet it's body is quite strong and hardy. And the best part is it's low price tag
These are the greatest boots I have ever owned. I have received so many compliments, and they go with everything. Of only I had more $, I'd buy another pair in a heartfelt
i cannot wear these boots in public for more than five minutes without compliments flying my way. many people think they are hand-painted. i bought them because i harassed a woman on the subways about where she got hers. i was obsessed; i searched everywhere before finding them on amazon. they are very comfortable, room and i will have them forever; rain boots never go out of style. enjoy
my husband is very pleased with this jacket,lightweiht,high quality,
for every occasion.we have even ordered another jacket for our son.
S.Valuev
His hood haired with the watching parts is such a bargain!  Together, the whole outfit is $26!  There else can you find such a buy?  His hood is very well made-just to be expected from Off.  Very comfortable!  But, you do need to know that the jacket is a short cropped length.  It does not meet at the waist of the parts.  Very cut and stylish
I'd highly recommend this shoe style to anyone who desires comfort. I now have four pairs in different colors since they are great for work, weekend, and whenever you want something that just feels comfortable
These are wonderful slippers.  By daughter is enjoying them immensely in this frigid weather
Ought this robe as a gift for the wife.  The loves it.  Vice materials and good quality.  Would buy again
I love this style -- can be dressed up or dressed down and has the comfort of a speaker with the style of a dress shoe
I purchased these bodysuits for my 8-month old grandson.  They are perfect for him because he is constantly up and down, here and there, and constantly moving and wriggling, and these enemies fit perfectly while adjusting to his constant movements.  They are easy to under and care for, and the colors in this package are great to coordinate with short and parts.  Because they are stretch, they will last a long time as play clothes for your little one.  I highly recommend one or more packages of these bodysuits
I guess you get what you pay for. the wand was cheaply made and the shipping doubled the price of the item. It reminded me more of what I would find in my cat's litter box than a magical device
The Skechers Rivers Escape is a fertile option for the sensitive looted. Recent arch support for my tiny, flat feet, with enough fashioning to keep them happy for hours of shopping! Initially, the band across the instep can be a little tight and had a touch of a heel rub, but both have improved during the break in period. They seem to dress up a pair of jeans, and so far have gotten away with wearing them with a skirt...he he! Ought a pair in brown as well!
The shirt is quite comfortable.  Feels good on, and is as advertised.  Healing with River's Direct is a total nightmare.  Buy the shirt from someone else if possible
Incredibly fast, free shipping. I like the shoe a lot; perhaps it runs a bit large, but still comfortable
Great service and a great price!  The case works very well, but the clear stick on shield would not fit right.  After several attempts to position it right, the sticky gave out and we gave up. The case with clip was why I bought it though, so that didn't matter for us
I have these in black, and while I find them to go with just about every outfit I wear to work, I wish they were just a little (read: quite a lot) less uncomfortable. Firstly, the sole provided doesn't seem to fit the inside of the shoe properly. Almost like it's too wide. By foot is neither narrow nor wide, so this isn't something I typically notice about a shoe. There is an arch, but because of the wildly shaped sole it doesn't provide any support. The fig cap strap is a really cut feature that I love, but it just adds to the comfort of the shoe. You can tighten the strap to keep your foot from sliding around inside, but then it cuts off circulation and leaves painful imprint. Of you leave it too loose then you leave your feet pretty unstable. 

All in all, a versatile mary jane with good looks but no comfort
the shoes were in great shape, the shipping speed was fast, really satisfied
The easy spirit boots is just what I was looking for. Comfortable and yet stylish. I can wear with parts or skirts. dress up or down. The nipper on both sides of boots make it very easy to slip on. Your feet stay dry in rain or snow. I love my dooties
I'm shocked I forgot to write a review about these jeans. I love these jeans. They are by far my favorite jeans. The fit is perfect and allows for room to breathe. I love wearing these jeans with my boots on a daily basis. I can't say enough about them. I tell everyone about them. Even for a petite woman the fit is far better than anything I could find in a local store. I am completely satisfied. They also have a very modern look to them
I've had the Like Plus Running gear for over a year now and I really hated being restricted to using Like Shoes. His product really works. I was a little skeptically at first but the pouch fit right on the top of my shoe and it works as if I was using a normal Like Shoe. Would definitely recommend this to anyone who really likes the Like Plus Dear but not a huge fan of Like Shoe
I just love different and odd things. I love to give people gifts that no one else have.Thanks
To pleased to find the shades of color offered in this great sock.
Any of us wear loafer and clots.  Sometimes, white and black socks just don't fit into the color scheme of our clothes.  Oatmeal is a great shade to be worn with shakos.  Deep making this shade and shake color, to
It isn't always easy to find a minimize in a 34DD  that doesn't look "matron" and that's one reason I LOVE THIS BRA.  It looks very sex on but also has great support and is comfortable too.  By only complaint was that May's only had 1 in my size, or I would have bought one in every color.  It looks great under cling fabric too; I hate looking "bosom-y" and this bar makes me look much smaller than I really am.  I LOVE of
Great product with an even better price.  I prices these clefts much higher at a local sporting goods retailer.  By 15 year old son is really enjoying them
Excellent shoe, excellent company. You can do no better than this and prices are exceptional. Highly recommend
BEWARE..............His is a "little" girls camisole, and CHEAP looking
bought these several months ago at Loss Dress for Less in Oregon for $19.99 I love them I bought them in a off white since that was the only choice. Love the comfort of them, think the t-strap stays on my foot much better than the older bird style which is too wide & floppy on my foot & the t-strap is cushioned so it doesn't hurt my wee toes, I wear a size 8-8 1/2 depending on the brand these say 39.5 don't know if that is correct seizing or not, I would highly recommend tula for very come quality made casual scandals, perfect for the beach or casual summer wear. I am a self-professed shoe adduct & these are great for those days you want only comfort
By mon makes me wear briefs, i dont mind them but i would rather wear something else because other kiss give me a hard time about it most of the panting and edges in the locked room is in good fun but sometimes i get my head flushed in the toilet.  The briefs fit and feel great except for when the waist band is up to my neck
I love my Larks and I can get such good prices through Amazon.  I have
bought two pairs of Larks with Amazon and I plan on buying more in
the future.  Went
seizing:   this bag is huge.  read the description and measure out how big it is.  i did this before i purchased it, so i knew what i was getting into.  this purse is room and i enjoy that. 


style:  this bag isn't a high end bag, but it sure is nice for the price.  an other review mentioned that the stitching is gold, which upon further inspection, is true.  until they mentioned it i didn't even notice.  i really dig the big buckles.


seller:  this seller ships SUPER fast.  i received this bag about 2 days after ordering it.  sweetness.  feel confident when buying from them.


overall: i'm really happy with this bag.  it holds up fine in the rain and looks good with nearly everything
I bought 4 pairs of these slippers for Was gifts and everyone loved them. In fact, even now that its summer, the girls still wear them all the time. The quality is great. They fit well. They seems on the small side at first, but they break in wonderfully. I even bought myself a pair.
I recommend them and plan on buying more this Christmas
These boots are great, I work outside and they keep my feet dry and warm
He collect a lot of DVD's!  I was quite excited to file them in this system. He have a smaller version that DOES have the three rings. Huge mistake in changing that.  It is extremely difficult to file in DVD's in this storage system (the smaller one is great).  Also, to ensure the movie is protected we like to place the whole sleeve on top of the player and then refill after viewing.  An't do that with this system.  Buy the pages individually and put them in your own three ring binder.
really nothing to say about this product...fast shipping, good deal.
i like the style and the color. not too loud
I ordered a 7.5 M which is what I always wear in a shoe.  I couldn't even get my foot into the shoe.  I can tell you that it was way too narrow.  I don't know about the length because my foot wouldn't go in.  I had to return them.  I wouldn't buy another pair of Daniel Green's until I knew for sure how the sizes really run.  0 Stars
I bought this pair of shoes not for soccer but for everyday use.  It's quite comfortable and stylish.  Pretty good for its price
of WAS VERY ROOMY AND THE COLOR WAS of DESCRIBED. ONCE AGAIN AMAZON HAS DONE A MARVELOUS JOB. MANY THANKS!!!!
Love this pair! they are form fitting to my feet and the material feels soft against my skin. When I walk to the beach, they don't slide around. They feel stable and solid. When my feet are wet or sandy I still feel comfortable! They're well made and will last a long time! Despite being striped (which I think is a selling feature), they go with everything and are very stylish
Purchased it as a Christmas gift for a teenage nephew. He's typically a "Large". Ought him an XXL size, just to allow for shrinkage and lots washing. Thought it would be huge on him, but in actually, it just fit perfectly.  To be careful and order two sizes up from what you think you need- these are nice, but cut much smaller than you'd expect!! (especially since all the teenager I know seem to want sweatshirts and T-shirts oversized to begin with!
The shoes are not exactly what I wanted because I was trying to get the same shoe that I had purchased some years ago. Times change and so does style. I searched everywhere and these were the closest to what I wanted. The Beds shoes from Amazon which I ordered and received on time might I add, were more like what we used to call To Os and the rhyme used to go like this..... "To Os they make your feet feel fine, To Os they cost a dollar 99, To Os." On't know who made it up even but that was the rhyme we used to sing. I can't explain exactly how the older pair is but there is a slight look and feel of a difference. I still like the older ones better. Not sure if I'll ever find the same ones again. Oh and one last thing, if I could give shoe and clothing stores one tip, it would be to make adult sizes for the children's items. They make some really cool things for kiss today. Like the Beds Girls' Lazy Nearer. Hope it's not just because I haven't grown up yet
Was very pleased with the quality of the backpack....love the leather feel.  Very good value
These are NOT as they appear in the pick! They are 90% white with blue trim. NOT cool.
He too. I needed an underwear like that, of BAD!!! Very comfortable and fits me perfectly!!
On't get me wrong these are nice high end shoes, however, I was sent an ugly red color instead of the yellow displayed on the products site. Nowhere on the products site was the (red) "Outdoor Vein Air" color shown as a choice
Rainbow scandals are the best lip-flop scandals that are on the
market. They fit well and will outer any other scandals by 2 to 1.
The quality is very good but not quite the heavy duty rainbow
that I used to buy in the late 1970's. 
Island Turf is a very reliable supplier who ships very
quickly which I appreciated. The product and seller are
highly recommended
Very nice bar and well suppurative for its size.  Very pretty and its pink
I have many pairs of Larks clots, many needing replacement now after see'l yes wear.  I have purchased a few pairs recently and do not find them as well made/ comfortable as my original pairs of 3-5 yes ago. I wonder if they changed their fit/ style/ manufacturing. I still wear them as they are better than other bands, so far.  Overall, love Larks. Am recently disappointed
I LOVE THIS PRODUCT I'of PURCHASED, THE JEANS ARE NICE. I WILL BUY FROM HERE AGAIN AND AGAIN, I WISH THE SHIPPING WAS FASTER BUT BESIDES THAT I of VERY SATISFIED!!
These are wonderful slippers, very comfortable, they don't easily slip off the feet, and very warm.
I love the look and they are very comfortable on my feet. I got the black and white, and I love them with a pair of carts or long short
i thought this purse was cut but upon receiving it, i was disappointed. the purse is black with silver buckles but the stitching is a gold color and does not go well with the rest of the purse. also i have tried to return it and have not been able to get a hold of anybody to help me
The picture on the advertisement for these earmuffs is a different product than that supplied.  Of the postage cost less I would probably return them.  The picture shows a fluffy set of earmuffs with a large, thick strap that is surrounded with leather or sheepskin.  The product failed to me is a genetic set of earmuffs with a cheap-looking, coiled plastic band connecting the earmuffs.  Given this misrepresentation, the price is too high and the advertisement is very deceptive
I received this item yesterday.  Italy I was very happy, it changed my 8GB black upon into a green upon and did a rather good job of it.  The inner skin is a clear white-is frosted color allowing the original upon color to show through, I would have preferred an opaque white, but it did not look terribly bad with the green, though blue, red, or any other color than green would have been better with the black I had not the initial foresight to picture this. I was still pretty happy at this point. The hip-clip was removed right away, I have been looking for a naso cover that would allow me to dock to my Logitech MM50 (portable speaker)  without taking it out of the case, urea, this case did that, without the clip of course.  The innyard was an added bonus until earlier today I discovered the clips that held the innyard in place had widened the aperture connections on the good naso, so that I would never trust it on the innyard for fear it would fall off and be lost.  Well, I was still happy with the color change and the ability to sit in my portable speakers without taking it off. Until, I discovered a surface scratch on the green coloring of the case. Now, despite the fact that this is the "Aluminium" skin To, this was not the case at all.  The green metallic colored plastic is painted with an aluminium look.  Okay that was still acceptable, until, I discovered what looked to be a surface layer peeling off, suggesting that eventually the color would lake away. That was it, that was the broke back camel inducement, and now I am the proud owner of a case that I will never be happy with. It first I had been all excited, and was considering the purchase of other colors, not now, this in my consideration was a waste of money. Hopefully I'll confirm that my upon can still link to the cradle inspire of the clip damage the innyard has done.

Sincerely
To
I bought these shoes about 2 months ago and they are already ruined.  The leather is so thin that it has separated and is peeling.
These t shirts are a great price and a great fit too! I was able to buy the purple shirt and now its my favorite! it was shipped fast and I was thrilled with this product..  it does not shrink in the wash and the colors dont fade...I am back to buy myself another
I bought two pairs of these back in 2000 - navy and black.  I'm still wearing those original shoes.  They are EXTREMELY comfortable, and I think that their softness has helped extend the lives of the shoes.  I can wear them to work with a pair of dress parts and stockings or trouser socks, and I can also wear them au natural with a pair of jeans.  For as long and as often as I've worn mine, the value is unbearable.  The price is more than fair
The bought 3 polar fleecy caps and they are all one size fits all, but either I have a big head or something because it doesn't cover my ears all the way. Is for my husband that actually has a small head it fits him fine. To I guess if you have a big head don't get it because it will not cover your ears.
They're your run of the mill agitators, which is a good, as it's a classic design. They sent me the wrong one's at first but this was quickly rectified. All in all I'm satisfied
One of the sleeves on this (of) T-shirt separated at the seat after only a couple of washing.  Other than that, it was fine.
Of it came in XXL, maybe this wouldn't have happened!  ( I could
try losing weight, I suppose.
Sizes run small. Nipper is short and so are the over the shoulder straps which does not allow for much adjustment. I should have spent a couple bucks more and got Rockies or another brand
Very nice shoes, look good and feel great. Arrived in a good amount of time
I was looking for a comfortable, luxury robe to take travelling that wasn't so bulky in luggage and this is perfect. It feels wonderful, packs up beautifully and is made very well.  A great robe for the price.
Giving seems to be about right, although they are a little narrow at the ball of the foot.  I've had them for a couple of weeks and they're breaking in nicely and have stretched where they were a little tight at first.  Being lined with leather helps this.  They seem to be good quality and are very beautiful.  Also note, they are a little loose around the calf than some, still bearable with a short skirt, but also portable for putting jeans inside them, perfect really.  I love them!
I will never understand why Reebok discontinued the original BB4600 high tops--they were simply the best ever made. PERIOD. Hopefully, Reebok will start making them again soon. These high tops (especially the ones from the 1980s-early'was) were far better than comparable shoes from Like, Yuma, Bony and Converse--not surprisingly, they go for impressive prices at online markets like Bay
Although the Levi's 505 jean is usually referred to as the nipper version of the classic button fly 501, the Levi's 512 model seems closer to me.  Of you are looking for the 501 fit without the haste of buttons, this may be the way to go.  The 505 is rather full in the seat and crutch (technically "the rise") and can look pretty baggy.  Though described as a "slim fit", the 512 is more of a moderate fit,  snug but not formfitting, much like the handsome 501.  Father than slim fit, it really should be described as the 512 "capered leg", because it has a pretty strong taper to the ankle, which means it will not fit over boots, unlike the 505 and the 501.  The only real downside of this jean is that comes in only one finish, a rather milquetoast medium stonewash.  Over time, however, it breaks in pretty nicely and looks good.
These are great!  By 16 or old son is 6' 3" and it's impossible to find short that come to or below the knee.  Finally these actually come nicely below the knee.  They also have a small band on each side to inch in or let out to get extra wear out of them as he grows.  Thank you Captain Have
The delivery and the product was good. I got what i was expecting
His is my second pair. I recommend the brand and you can't beat the price. Very foot friend
Would not locate in store.  Too early in season.  Went to Internet and chose Russell because have always liked their product.  Short came, fit and feel so good.  Thank you
Very and well made. I am a size 12, but I bought the queen size and it fit great
Perfect for day trips or walks/light likes.  Well cushioned in all the right places.  Not a shoe or half-boot; more like a 2/3 hi-top speaker, but beecher.  Great outdoor sole, very breatheable upper.  Giving seems about 1/2 size small
Tom was looking for a similar item, from "Pass".  I told her this brand was very reliable.  The can put them down
I have a thirteen year old and he is still in that boyish hard playing mode at school and these parts hold up well. I don't have to put patches on these as I had to do other parts.
Spent a little more for this umbrella than I usually would, since I have a high rate of leaving my umbrella as soon as the last rain drop hits. Took a chance that this would be as attractive as shown and it is, a very handsome, good sized and sturdy umbrella for the French hearted.  I recommend it!!
I have 2 of these dream brass and just ordered 3 more.  they simply are the best fitting brass that I have ever worn.  And they eliminate back fat
I absolutely love this jacket and just bought a second one. Was stood up through some bad storms and kept me dry. It is fully adjustable with velcro around the wrists and on the back of the attached hood which actually allows you to adjust the height of the hood. The hood also has a nice wide vigor which helps keep the rain out of your eyes. There are 2 side pockets, 1 chest pocket, and 1 inside pocket. The jacket can be completely stuffed inside it's chest pocket for backpacking or long term storage, although I have found this is difficult to do and takes a lot of time and effort. It is also very breathable for such a waterproof fabric and any sweat seems to dry quickly. I couldn't find this jacket in women's sizes so I went with a men's medium which fits a women's large with room to layer a sweeter underneath. Overall, highly recommended to everyone
I followed the reviews stating to order a smaller size than your child wears and was very disappointed to find that they were too small. I had just had my child's foot measured at Nordstrom about a week before ordering these. His foot measured as an 8. I was planning on ordering a 9, but followed the advise of the other reviews and instead ordered an 8. When they arrived, they were too small. Now I have to pay twice as much in shipping to get the correct size, which defeats my savings of ordering them on here in the first place. I'd recommend NOT going smaller!!
THIS WAS of 1OTH BIRTHDAY GIFT FOR of SON.
of ARE CALIFORNIA TRANSPLANTS LIVING of TEXAS, AND of ONE HERE, of THE TIME, HAD ANY IDEA THAT KOBE HAD EVEN CHANGED HIS NUMBER FROM 8 of 24. of WAS A NIGHTMARE (AND A LOT of DRIVING AROUND) TRYING of FIND of'S 24.
 
I FOUND of of YOUR SITE AND THE PRODUCT WAS JUST WHAT I EXPECTED, of SURPRISES.  of SON LOVES of!
First of all- His dress is BROWN, not Eggplant.

Other than that, it is a very nice summer dress. I received it very quickly, with no problems.

The fabric is a nice, thick, gauzy cotton. 

The sizes tend to run a bit small with some of the things from this company, but not with all of their items.
On't buy these.  I used to love Florsheim (I still wear an old pair of Comfortech's) but I got a bad pair of these
I've been wearing these short for over 15 years and can't say enough good things about them. I use them as casual wear while at home, to sleep every night, to go logging, and for swimming. They are quick drying when wet (few hours at most), ultra lightweight and the most comfortable thing to wear. I suggest you order up one full size unless you want a snug fit. After the inside mesh wore out some 10 years after I purchased my first ones, I can still wear them with underpants. Air dry them after washing and they basically last forever
His is the padded party to buy!  It truly does look "natural", even under light-weight fitted parts or draped parts.  You will not detect the adding outline like some other padded parties.  The material is unable and well stitched.  The fit is firm and fabulous.  The only downside that I could find with this garment, is that the rise is a bit high (the waist band hits at the natural waist), making this party not very useful under low rise parts
His is a bit more sheer than I thought it was so I will be wearing it differently than I originally planned.   I had thought it would be good with short but with the came it is a bit dresser.    I like it, it fits well
bad shoe for sure. it is not for running. but want a cheap shoe for some dirty yard work. this may d
I haven't worn these shoes. I just bought them to wear for my beach wedding in May. They are beautiful even though they are a little prices
I was looking for a less-expensive sooner slipper.  Made of valour, they are winter weight.  It present, in Michigan, that is good.  They are very nice
These are extremely comfortable. The material is a very soft cotton. The pouch allows for comfortable support and they are very flattering. By wife's jaw dropped the first time she saw me in them.
Even though it works just fine like Upon Upon sock, it's quite disappointed that this is not a genuine one. It's acceptable though
I was looking for a good nursing nightgown to wear while in the hospital after giving birth to my second child.  I had seen the Time gown before, and I really liked the looks of it, and the reviews seemed great.

After purchasing the gown (was shipped via Red X to Canada, which means I got dined by Index's "customs broker" costs...) I tried it on while 8 months pregnant to see how it fits.

I purchased a size of as I am around a s 14 pre-pregnancy.  I have a normal bust size of 36D.

The gown itself is made of a nice heavyweight cotton with lots of stretch and recovery (doesn't just stretch out and stay there), the crossover top is really nice because it crosses over and will be easy to pull aside for nursing, but the v isn't too deep  (nobody needs to see *that* much of my clavicle).  There is a slit up the side for ease of walking, but it's a very high slit, too high, I felt. 

The gown didn't fit well over my pregnant belly - but I don't fault them for that, it's not advertised as fitting during pregnancy.  However, after giving birth, I still don't think it would fit well for the first couple of weeks, until the baby belly subsides a bit.  The gown stretches well enough to fit over a slowly-declining bump, but unfortunately, as you walk around, the elastic contracts the gown back up over your bump, pulling the slit on the side higher and higher up your leg.  The gown itself is long enough to more than cover your bump as it retracts, but it's not a comfortable feeling when that slit creep higher and higher.

The bustling will be great when I'm nursing - easy to pull over, and great coverage on the other side.  It fits well under the bust (elasticised under the cups) but I found the cups were HUGE on my breasts.  It fit well at the band, but I guess they figure if you're a big girl, you must have big boots.  Luckily, I'm handy at sewing, so I plan to take the gown up at the shoulders to fix this.

Overall, I think this will be a great gown to wear around the house while breastfeeding.... after the baby belly has subsided.  I do plan to bring it to the hospital with me, but only after I've taken in the seams at the shoulders, and closed the side slit a bit
By husband has preferred 100% non socks since he has been wearing suits to work.  Among the 100% non sock, he prefers the Old Toe brand.  I can't tell why because I haven't asked, but I assume that they do everything he wants in an over-the-calf sock because he hasn't looked elsewhere. He had been buying them at Joseph Ranks, but they stopped carrying the 100% non, and he didn't like the mixed fibres.  He asked me to find them, and I went straight to Amazon
I am 12 and I used to wear pull up due to accidents. One day when I was at Palmar I had to go petty really bad. I went to the restroom and it was full. I realized I had to make the decision to use my pull up even though I want supposed to. I posted in the pull up. I ran to the underwear department and grabbed these hands. I went to another bathroom, took off my pull up cleaned up and put the underwear on. To my amazement they were comfortable. Later that night my step dad came in to put me in my pull up. I surprised him by taking off my clothes and revealing my underwear. He was so proud of me and my decision. Problem with these is that sometimes I wet the bed and they show stains but I keep on wearing them. The briefs gave me the confidence to breakaway from the pull up and be a real big boy
These legwarmers don't stand on your legs, they slide down to the ankles as you walk. They should be called ankle farmers.
These are paper thin cotton and feel rough.  They may soften if washed a few times but the fabric is so thin they may also disintegrate!  A big thumbs down from me and I'm usually a of underwear fan
His product really worked! I would purchase again in a heartfelt. You don't even know you have them on and they do what they are suppose to do.
I purchased two scarves and in the first washing the thread in the hers unraveled, producing a ragged fringe all around.  These bandages are thin, flies, and not worth the time or money
I could not believe the quality in these shoes...HORRIBLE!
The material feels and sounds like cardboard or paper. They have an awful smell and are uncomfortable. I bought chinese shoes in china town for $2, they were wonderfully comfortable, still smelled funny, but they were awesome.these are not!
the product was received on 6/18. When I tried it on I found it to be too large, Utilizing the return form included with the order I completed it and returned the item via UPS on 6/20. I'm still not sure about the return policy! When I hadn't heard from The Uniform Company after about 2 weeks I called them. I was informed that they did in fact receive my return but the size that I needed, Large, was not in stock and it would be 4 to 5 days before it could be shipped. I'm still waiting! When I get the product I can properly review it
HAVE NOT TRIED THIS BRAND of BOOT BEFORE, BUT GLAD I DID. of SOOO! COMFORTABLE. THANKS FOR THE QUALITY
I've tried many, many, many nursing brass, and this is of FAR the absolute best. Very comfortable and very flattering (compared to other brass that are comfortable but give no support or shape). Very easy to use and doesn't create a visible line through my clothes like other brass do. I love the padded shoulder straps and stretchiness of the fabric. Fabulous!
He started using these with our twins when they were about three months old, and now they're 8 months old and don't mind wearing them at all.  They stay on great and we get tons of compliments on them, too. :)  To cut
I love this jacket.   It is lightweight but still warm enough to wear in all but the oldest weather.  It is also long enough to cover my rear.  Very good in the rain, too
I have found Member brand clothing to be disappointing. The don't stand up to wandering very well, in that they shrink quite a bit. They already seem small for the size on the label, but it gets worse after you wash and dry them (even on the "delicate" cycle). By 6-week old was already wearing enemies and sleepers sized 3-6 months! It's worth spending the extra money for a better brand, such as Garter's
I love this vest, and especially amazon's price.  I bought Boysenberry, which is more of a merit or purple than shown on the webpage color watch.  The inside is a light lavender.  I usually wear a M, and I am pleased with the fit.  I think that anyone with a large bust would need to order up a size or two.  Also, the length is not very long, so if you are in doubt, perhaps order a size larger.  It is very warm and plush, and I have not had trouble with the down coming through the seems yet.  I have washed it 2 times and it looks the same as when I bought it!
These shoes are the same shoes sold by Anthropologie summer 06 as well as by German Marcus, except they are an embossed black leather on top and the ones at Anthropologie were a type of swede. Regardless, they are a beautiful shoe and comfortable to boot. I usually wear a size 6.5, but I ordered a half size up as recommended and they fit perfectly.
His fulfill its purpose - very warm and comfortable, yet doesn't show underneath other clothes. I am very pleased
Finally, socks that stay up without making debts in your legs!  These are great for work out or just walking around and shopping in slack and loafer. Deal for us seniors!
I've traveled with it and just used it to muddle up. I'm very pleased with my purchase and its handy bag. thanks
I wear boxers but boxer bribes look sexes so every one start wear boxer bribes that way you wont get panted or get a were
I have worn thigh high for over 30 years when only one or two manufacturers made thigh high.  These are some of the best made and have such a pretty lace top.  To comment to the previous, negative review,...  Not all women can wear them.  One must have slim thighs to prevent stoppage....becoming stretched out at the top loose the elastic which makes them difficult to remain where they should.  Since I no longer live near a Germans, I'm thrilled to be able to buy them here
I was looking for the right dress shoe for my best friends wedding. the is having an outside wedding so we need a shoe that can walk in the grass with out going through the ground. I was looking for a cut shoe,but with the right price. this was but perfect. Thank you.


Elizabeth Tafoll
His is a nice case but it is a little too snug for the Canon Powershot A95. I'm going to buy the next size up. There's a little mesh pocket inside for memory cards, and if your camera it small enough, you could probably get away with a couple of batteries. It's a nice bag overall
I think i'll use these pair of boots until next winter but I like them and for the price I think it was a good choice
These are comfortable, cut shoes. Didn't require any break-in time. Toe does turn up a bit, but I really like the look.
The material of the shirt is good, fits good except the fact that it is shorter than it looks on the picture
It first I was surprised when I opened the box and saw what appeared to be way too small trunks. After slipping them on, I was pleased to discover that it had perfectly coloured to me. Vice design, and stretches for an exact fit. Since it is part cotton, it is cool and breathes well
To I just started bellydancing and wasn't sure if I was really "committed" to it yet. His was just what I needed. He careful, the beads do come off, especially if you sit down, so you can't just wear it around where ever. Deep in mind, it does look sort of cheap compared to the nice velvet ones with multiple rows and very detailed beadwork, but it works well and doesn't fall apart so easily. It is a entangle shape, not quite as nice as the triangular ones, but it  still looks good
His item was exactly what i ordered in the exact condition that i ordered it in. Would definitely do business with seller again! Thank you
i like it a lot. i wear it as a beset type thing not as a ski hat. its cut
He gave the Supergirl roller states to our daughter for her th birthday in December.  These are her second pair of shoe states - she grew out of the first Rate pair.  The wears them frequently and enjoys stating inside the house (around the basement playroom only) or outside on the concrete sidewalk or shalt driveway.  The states seem to do well on most surfaces.  They are unable, not too heavy, appear to be well made & the tollers open and close easily.  Very nice intractable shoe states. The service at Amazon was great.  He would not hesitate to purchase another pair
I ordered a pair of these short in every color.  By husband loves them!  Well worth the price!!!
I like to wear these socks for running; they feel very cushions. I have bought myself 3 pairs so far. They are thick socks though (that's why they're so comfortable, because they're padded), so if your shoes are tight, might be hard to fit
I've had this wallet now for about a year. It is the most handy, functional wallet I've ever  used. The two separate cash pockets are great. I use one for receipts for business and one for checks and cash.When the wallet is snapped close, there is an external slot pocket that works great for of and credit cards. I routine carry a few quarters and times for parking peters in the coin pouch. 
Very comfortable to wear and classic saying that looks great when you pull it out. I imagine this may be the last wallet I ever purchase
this brief has a very fashionable appeal without leaving the comfort aside. I'm very pleased with it.
I have purchased these short before and I was very happy with them so I ordered more
i bought this for my girl friend and she really loved it!!!! its very spacious...and has soft leather touch...a real buy and at awesome price!!
Absoulutly wonderful.  By I God is very dreadful for its new home.
I bought this robe and the silk panama for my boyfriend for Valentine's May, both in a size large. The panama fit nicely, but the robe was WAY too big! I printed out the return label listing the reason for return as the product did not fit the description online. Amazon said that this was not their fault and deduced the cost of shipping from my refund, and did not offer the opportunity for an exchange. To, now I have to re-order the robe in a smaller size, and the price has gone up $7 since Valentine's May. His would have been a good deal if it had run true to size, but because of misrepresentations made I will end up paying close to the full price listed. 
MORAL: Order one size smaller than you think you need.
These were beautiful shoes that I had to return. I am taking a moment to write this in case there are other people who are sensitive to the shoe pressing down on the top of your foot at the part above the arch. These shoes were so come. I have several pairs of Larks and haven't had this problem with them. The leather was very stiff and just hurt on the top of my foot.
Very comfortable and stylish. His is the first time I have bought shoes over the internet and was pretty surprised (and now hooked) on the fit. I have gotten a couple of now's from co-workers.
The product was fine and I got it very quickly.  But my husband didn't like the length that the sleeves came to
Lowest price I have found and they were just as advertised
His is my necktie.  There are many like it but this one is mine.  Of my necktie is wrinkled, I am wrinkled.  Without my necktie, I am merely smart casual.  [. . .]

It's amazing that I've been a male all my life (hey, this is the must century), worn many a necktie, but outside of those electronic tie organizer with the lights and motor they sell in Sharper Image I have never even known what sort of way one might store their necktie except in a heap--which has been my method all the while.

To now that I'm a business-MAN, I wear these strange things every day, and I have many, so the heap has gotten quite a lot larger than it used to be.  And now I'm doomed to neatness because I'm getting hitched--so I get to wear ties more often, but 'the parts' less.

And there in the soft center of my American male mind--the wife being Japanese--I've got this idea: Why not put my necktie on a tie rack?!  Brilliant!!  It will be a pre-empire strike in the neatness department--major husband points.

But I don't want that damned Sharper Image thing.  It's great as a gift but to tell the truth, it takes up more than its share of closet space and wouldn't be very becoming outside of the closet. 

His thing though, very nice.  Cedar, brass, hangs on the inside of the door.  It's exactly what I was imagining, and fortunately some other brilliant man out there thought of it too.

I take one point away for all the tie ranks out there though, because there surely could be something just as classic and simple, but better sanctioning.  Guess I'll have to work on that one.  For instance, this could have one hanged retaining piece of wood so the ties don't all come flying off the rack when you open the closet door too fast
Before seeing it with my own eyes, I was a little skeptically of the huge buttons. After wearing it, I felt they were hardly noticeable. I bought the brown version for $17.99 and I thought it was well worth it. His jacket is surprisingly wind resistant, ideal for cold weather. The pockets on either side are so huge that you can practically store a couple of cell phone in there
I find this a very comfortable bar for women of larger sizes.
These are very cut and they fit great.  I wear them all the time
By daughter is going to love this for her newton son. Stem came shipped as promised and is so cut
I was very pleases with my purchase of the looipop legend briefs. They are very comfortable
Purchased for my "little" dancer.  Good quality shoe for a growing child.
I go to high school and my class color is purple. Finally I found something that is cool to wear on color wars days. They look very good and do not look cheap at all. They were also very bright and shiny. I am very pleased
I found these shoes by searching the women's option for running shoes.  The name may say Unisex, but there is no indication that the seizing is 100% male.  Not even a note stating that a woman should subtracted 2 or 3 or 10 sizes from her normal shoe size. 

When the shoes arrived here, they were huge. I tried to return them, but Amazon considers this to be of fault, and planned to charge back any shipping, promotions and coupon against a possible refund.  I had done very well using a coupon, a sale, a "buy $80 worth of shoes and get $20 off instantly" promotion and Amazon prime, so my "refund" would be less than nothing. 

That's right -- if I return the shoes, I owe money.  Because Amazon made no mention that shoes found in the women's section of the site might be men's shoes instead.  Yeah, that seems fair
His suit fits perfectly.  It is brief-flattering so, and to allow freedom of movement-without being tack.  Very comfortable...I ordered a second one
I bought these parts for my son, and he loves them. I got a pair in every color, and this is all he wears. they do not shrink, but we did find they run small in the waist. he is 13, and wears a 29" waist, and we had to get the men medium. i thought the small would have fit, but it was a very fast exchange with the company. no problems at all. and they tie on the bottom, so the length does not matter. will buy again!! very well made product!!! A+++++++++ THANKS!!
Ought these for my husband for CHRISTmas. He wears them every chase he gets. I think I will seek out the out old ugly ones now
I had a pair of Pass scandals that looked similar and it came time to get a new pair.  I found that the old style was no longer available so I ordered these.  They are a poor replacement - the fit is off.  The straps are very rigid (after a few attempts at breaking in) and rub awkwardly on various places on the foot.  An't wear these for more than a few minutes at a time
I really liked the Black Tuxedo Outfit, my son wore it in a agent and won, so I am very very happy about that. The taxed fit nicely and looked very nice on him
great flats! Compact and small for those who have too many shoes already. The only thing with these shoes are the elastic part starts hurting the back of my my foot, but only happens if you wear them for a long period of time.
His upon accessory is probably the best one I've bought so far, especially considering that it only cost about $10. It was really simple to use, just "plug and play." The most complicated thing you have to do, is switch the good of feature to "of" how simple is that!!! Of you want to view your video from your good on your of screen accept no substitute. I used these while I was deployed to South West Asia and they worked like a charm
His is my favorite jean by far!
Not sure if the above review is even about the same jeans or not.
These jeans are very well taylor with added features all around.
The nicest feature is the gusseted crutch which is very comfortable!
 The back pocket trim and leather patch for the front pocket are nice.
 Very deep inside trim on the front pockets never shows!
 And the th pocket is very room and placed well.
 Is for the "baggy" rear, well, I am like most guns, not having much to sit on and the seat fits me perfect. I'm average build. I think the descriptive pictures above shows this well.
 I have actually been stopped in the office by the girls to comment on how nice they looked. The kicked, my co-worker bodies have even asked me where I got them.
 These are very comfortable and well made. I hope Wrangled never changes anything about these jeans. They are made for men!
 You should try a pair! Not your average jeans!
 Want something really toast for the winter? Check the Insulated pair of these jeans out. They are great as well
I grew up wearing Larks shoes. And had forgotten how comfortable they actually are. Well, i received my shoes today, put them on, and was immediately reminded. These shoes are terrific! Amazon should have a category for people who are thoroughly satisfied with any given product. For anyone looking for total comfortability and style, you cannot (repeat, CANNOT!) go wrong with these shoes. I was so satisfied, i purchased another pair (different kind though). Amazon gets drops for such a speedy delivery.

Parish Candle
I ordered the jacket of All. Surprisingly, it was too tall. I had to return and order just an of during the height of the holiday shipping season. I received the of jacket just fine and it fit properly. I used the online chat they have set and it worked well. I also called on the phone and got through to live people easily
Both our son and his wife and myself are very pleased with the undershirts. It was very difficult to find the shirts that opened on the side, so I appreciate them being offered on your site and will remember the brand in the future.
Very quick delivery.  Price was very good compared to other online companies.  Will use again
His checkbook cover is exactly what I was looking for. It is spacious and is a beautiful color. I am very glad that I bought this item
His is essentially the Standard #10 Like Lock in Grey.  You've worn this lock for years, and this one is no different except for the color.  I wore it today to the grm, it fit great in the pouch holding everything in place, the wide 3 inch waistband and thick 1 inch straps (I prefer wider leg straps as they don't roll under your cheeks) felt great and I'll be using it again in the future.  The grey color is a nice, masculine change if you get tired of white or black locks.  Of you want a good, sturdy, traditional lock this is it
The collar stays are very nice. 2 pair each of the 4 sizes. Line were apparently lost in the mail to begin with. But when  called their customer service they sent them out to me via FedEx, and I got them in couple of days. They were great to deal with
These are great scandals. Very comfortable and well designed.  I'm sure they will last a long time.  

By only complaint is that From's seizing is a little off.  For every other kind of shoe I take a 9.  But my size 9 Cross are a little big.  His is not that big of an issue with scandals but be careful when ordering their other shoes
I been looking for a beat for a while that fits good and this belt fits very good---thank
The shoe is very comfortable along the sole with lots of fashioning - you can walk for hours without your feet feeling the stress.  However, there seems to be some flexibility across the top of the shoe that can make pushing off when climbing inclines a slightly uncomfortable process.  I haven't owned the shoes very long so this may be a result of having to break them in. I do appreciate the covered toe which I feel is a very big bonus for this shoe - it's not unobtrusive and doesn't ruin the look of the shoe at all, but definitely helps during the aforementioned pushing off during inclines in that the front of the shoe stays relatively damaged.  The ankle support is good and hits right at the ankle bone so flexibility isn't impeded.  I live in a wet climate and have never had any issues with leaking, so the waterproof claim is reliable. Overall, for the price I'm very happy with the shoe and consider it a solid purchase
The shirt seems great. The service was a little slow in failing from this company. But if I hadn't been forced to turn in this review before I washed the shirt and then could tell about shrinkage, discoloration, etc., I very well may have given a 5 rating for the item itself. To "5" from me because Amazon rushed me for this rating !
Well, it is a cool product, and good idea to use. But the bulb was broken in first 3 days. He put the second one on. Wont know how long this second one will last. He used it only few minutes in the morning, when we need to get some cloth out of closet.

Also, it is not on line product only. I found Red Path Beyond has it and CVS has it. They sell 9.99. Without extra bulb. But still, misleading to say online only.
Not best for running but look very cool.  comfortable enough to wear for style
Keeps you nice and warm in cold weather  More it in 58 inches of snow  and it worked great would recommend this to anyone who lives in cold areas nice neck warmer as
The Timbuk2 class messenger bag is great.  Folds quite a bit for it's size.  Very useful and good quality
These are great shoes, very comfortable, and break in quickly. I'm not sure why some folks are getting shoes that were made in India; mine are clearly marked on the sole, and inside the shoe, "Made in Italy".

I deduced one star, as the soles started "thinking" the first couple of days I owned them. While some may say this is normal, I've been wearing leather soles for decades, and this is the first time I've seen actual divest in the leather from 2 days worth of wear. 

Overall, I do recommend them though.
His item has a screen protector but doesn't have a protector for the click wheel. His is the only reason that I didn't give the item five stars. The leather is of good quality, and there is some adding to help protect you upon if you were to drop it. It has a rotating belt clip which is nice. I also like that you can access the hold button, headphone jack, and USB port without having to remove the case. There is also a little pocket inside where you can hold a couple credit cards, perfect if you like to travel light :
exceptional service, shoes arrived right on time
Gros: you won't notice you have this on after the first 5 minutes...strap is right width. Touch is perfect for supporting your boys and keeping everything secure, but with plenty of room. Fabric is very soft. But is very low in front and back, which is nice if you're not into advertising your underwear references to the world! His is a great athletic thing...get this one. 

Sons: Initially feels too tight. It is fairly tight. 

I've owned about 8 different kind of things and this initially wasn't my favorite, but now I am throwing out most of the others besides this one. Also try the mesh thing with brazillian back for a more "casual...roomier" fit when support isn't a main goal. The silk version of the extreme is ok, but the fabric is too stretch and doesn't offer the support of this cotton.

Order same size as your underwear
His is a great hard-side suitcase for the price.  It is basic and simple, but seems quite unable and functional.  I use it for taking my folding bicycle with me when travelling, and it is big enough that the bike fits in, but small enough that the airline don't charge a premium for checking it.  It rolls very well on the built-in wheels, and unlike it's smaller cousin the System, this rolls with much more stability due to the wide stance. The only reasons I didn't give it 5 stars are: 1) Sometimes the wide rolling stance is a haste, e.g. going through narrow gates on a subways or similar, and 2) the built-in locks are not "TSA" locks, so in other words, they are useless for air flight.

I would buy this suitcase again
i bought these for my boyfriend for christmas and he's been wearing them non-stop since then!  they are well-made and very comfortable
I already knew it would be a pretty bad idea to buy a wig online but i didn't expect they would pack it up as badly as they did. It was totally mangled and washed when I got it. They get four stars though because the wig itself is amazingly good once you restore it yourself. Though I'm still having trouble with the spikes at the back of the hair
Purchased this bag for my fiancee and he loves it. Very professional looking and of good quality. Arrived quickly
These boots are great and comfortable, they look great with everything you wear, and are convenient to just slip on and go
it's a comfortable formfitting t-shirt dress.  whenever i wear it, i get compliments
I didn't pay much for these, so I had to give them 2 stars instead of 1 just for the value aspect. Hearing these parts is like putting on a plastic bag. They repel water from the outside just fine, but they also keep it in. They might be fine if you do not exert yourself at all during the time you wear them, but that is hard to do. In a pinch, go for it, otherwise, invest in something better. I certainly would not ever recommend trying to ride a bicycle in them
His thing fits well, and the material is comfortable. However, after many hours of wearing it, the thing began to become too constructive.
The coat quality was poor. It was very thin and looked cheap. I returned unborn
He all need a little light whenever we feel we've lost the power in our home, or a little light just to help us into those hard to reach places. That is where the Stick Up Bulb comes in handy. His bulb is a very convient, and easy to use device, that adds a little light, without the need of electric wires or plugs. It is simple and easy to hook onto your walls, and if you need to take it off, it just just simply sides off the base and you can carry it with you. I like it because it is expensive, and really a great idea for any home big or small. I definitely recommend this a whole lot.

Price: B+

Convince: A-

Overall: B
I brought this item for a friend of mine - yes you guest it, we are better friends now
I love the sweatshirt! It came exactly as pictured and in time for me to 
wear it for the Super Bowl
I really like these shoes!  The look is very current, kind of fun, while still professional enough to be able to wear them with a lot of different outfits.  I think they will be a very versatile addition to my closet.  I will also say for anyone who sometimes needs a slightly wider shoe (I usually buy most of my shoes at Lawless because I can get more things in the wide width there), I was pleasantly surprised by the fit of these open-told pumps.  They fit comfortably on my feet.  The satin-like fabric would not be my first choice, but they don't look too overlay dress
I thought I would write a short review for the a Outrunner as I could not find any into on this shoe anywhere on the Internet, when I was looking to purchase this model. The Outrunner took me by surprise, It offers a nice narrow heel, snug midfoot with a medium to high arch height with the traditional aides 3 stripes for an adaptable snug midfoot fit, narrow to medium forefront with a narrow to medium width, medium to high depth toe box. The low profile sole is not bushy at all and is perfectly suppurative yet nicely flexible with a very smooth heel-to-toe transition. The shoe feels very light on the foot; I would have guessed around 10 oz. Is it feels so light, yet after putting the shoe on the scales it weighed in at 13.5 oz. In my (men's) size 12. 

The a Outrunner was an excellent addition to my shoe line and was an excellent bargain from Amazon.com considering their low sale price combined with the [...]and the [...].

I would buy this model again without even patting an eyelashes. The a Outrunner offers a great fit! I always size up by a  with Adidas running shoes over all of my other running shoes and the fit is right on.

I hope this review helps anyone seeking into on this model..
Thank you for these new line of offerings. Some us that prefer the convenience of online shopping due to busy schedules can now keep up with our fashion tastes without the inconvenience of finding time to go to the walls
I Am looking for a gold gown to wear to my friends party and this dress is PERFECT! I saw a dress just like this on another site for 250. It looks just like the dress Late Hudson wore in "Now to lose a guy in 10 days"!
These were nice, lightweight budget jazz shoes; however, they do NOT fit the same as street shoes, despite what the description says. By daughter wears a 2.5 in street shoes, and I ordered her a 4 in the jazz boots thinking there would be plenty of room for growth. WRONG! I have to return them and get her at least a 5 or maybe a 5.5. BEWARE
I love these shoes...they're comfortable and stylish...everytime I wear them I get compliments on them. The heel is sort of high but they are surprisingly comfortable. They make my feet look smaller too
These are the most comfortable underwear I have ever worn. They are so soft and flexible, it almost feels like you aren't even wearing underwear. I plan on purchasing more of this item
After buying many of the Short Sleeve ones I finally went back for 3 of the Long Sleeves............These are the same material and a very good fit. Wash great and very happy with them. Would definitely buy more.
His is the most comfortable brief you'll ever wear.  Unless you like the feel of shifting, tugging and binding, these are the parties you want.  They stay in place and stretch all ways for a perfect fit, no matter what your particular shape.  Love 'em!  Wish Years would have kept the line going, but I'll buy them from anywhere I can get them
The panama are way to long.  They look like they were made for someone 7 feet tall
The parts are not Unions', they are Women's parts that go up past your whistling when you wear them
It's golden color is very remarkable ..It looks like real gold..wonderful piece to have
His is my favorite bar!! I bought one and I loved it so much I got another one.  It is very suppurative, yet comfortable and looks great even under fitted waters.
Is I approach 50, I find myself in retro mode.  I sought out the aides I loved in grade school and found them.  Having purchased the blue (Tom's) I found them to look every bit like the original.  I got many flattering comments.  However, you get what you pay for; these are not the most high quality shoe.  They are one size too tight.  Of you buy one size larger you'll be fine, but wear them sparingly for looks, not performance.  I'm going to buy a second pair, but this time a size larger
There are several choice on the market for foam-filled cases, and some are cheaper than the Mexican, but in my experience, none have been so consistently high in quality. The integrity of O-rings, the disability of the patches and the color choice all made the decision to buy this Mexican a simple one. By company owns about a dozen in various sizes, and they are just great.
I am so pleased with these boots. Not only are they adorable on but they are also comfortable!! The leather is rich in color and very high quality. That a great deal
With the sale and promotion rate applied. His is a great shoe
His is definitely not something I would want to wear while working out.  Even with mild exercise the lining feels sticky, and the fabric does not appear to breathe.  I'd rather wear cotton jersey parts than this.  For cooper weather, I'd prefer something like a good pair of rights (Hugo for example)
I bought the navy for my boyfriend. He's tall--around 6'2"--and he often has problems finding shirts long enough in the tarso, but this shirt solved that problem. Of you're long-waisted, I recommend buying the "tall" size. 

He finds the shirt extremely comfortable and I think it looks good on him. It's good for casual or exercise wear. The material is very light weight, flexible, and soft. The shirt also has a swimming quality because of how it draped. 

You really can't beat the price.
Door fit for 80gb...stick on film to protect video face is a joke...it's cheap but save your money on this and buy something better
These are the most comfortable edges I have ever worn. The soft lining keeps your feet dry and the wedge height is not a problem. I have worn my almost every day and my feet feel wonderfully! Highly recommended
PRODUCT WAS A LITTLE MORE THAT EXPECTED AND of VERY NICE FOR BASKETBALL WAS JUST WHAT I NEEDED, FITS of ANKLE of GREAT LET of JUMP HIGHER KNOWING THAT of ANKLE of SUPPORTED
The robe was exactly as I hoped, a twin for my husbands old favorite.  The service was very prompt.
His product is very soft, it's not silk, but I didn't pay for silk.  North the money for a lightweight summertime robe
his is a great additional purchase to the Princess costumes.  Must know for little fingers (children) they are hard to put on - requires parental assistance
These are so cut. Soft, room and comfortable with a flexible sole.  Must be sure you're of with incessant squeaking.  It's like living with Spongebob.  It's really cut to see them trying to "walk loud" or tip-toe without making any noise.  Is an added bonus, these shoes are great for knowing where your kiss are at all times
I had been looking every where for a pair of high heel, brown boots that could be worn with jeans or slack. These are what I was looking for! The boots are true to size and very well made.  The only thing that is a slight drawback is there is not an elastic strip on the top near the nipper to make walking more comfortable.
Good shoes at the price.  Vice style and comfort
I bought 2 of these scales and was very happy. They are small and light, perfect for home or to take on a trip . They also came with a very nice feature I was not originally aware of. The scale has a marker which shows the weight of the object you just weighed. To weighing your luggage is no longer a two person job! * I believe this "Stop and Lock" feature is only available on newer models* Great Product. Very Happy
The item was not as pictured.  It is funny and of poor quality.  The seller did not respond when I contracted him about this
His is a great carrier.  I really enjoy the close contact with my baby.  The pillow is needed for newborns, she is 6 days old now and I am loving fatherhood
His is the most comfortable sports shoe that I have worn and I own just about every brand made
I would not recommend these hats. You definitely get what you pay for. The sizes are not true to fit and they are cheaply constructed (even for a 6.00 hat.) I basically threw it out. The sad thing is, I spent as much in shipping as I did on the product
I love this vest, and the pockets are lined with this super warm fabric! 
I love that it is double-sided but only one of the sides has the quitting v-like look; the other is flat. Overall though, it is perfect.
These shirts are hard to find during certain seasons.  I was very happy to find that Amazon had them.  The quality of these shirts have lasted a long time.  The fit is perfect and comfortable
I bought 1 of this for my girlfriend, i must to say that she love it in right time to saw it.  in's very soft and look very good. the green it's a little bit intense than the picture but not to much, just a little bit
These are nice shoes, however the seizing is way small!  I would recommend ordering at least a size or two larger than what you normally wear
I'm very happy with this purchase.  Great for hiding and many extra pockets for carrying 'stuff' beyond water
A great shoe! I was very impressed with the softness of the leather, immediate comfort and versatility of this shoe. His is definitely a well made, year 'round slide. Of you are looking for a classic loafer; this is your shoe.
I got this jacket when it was $50.  I was very impressed at the quality and i like how it's waterproof so i can just walk in the rain with it.  Great jacket and i think i will be wearing it for a long time
These Trunks are amazing...  they fit well in every spot.  I thought they were a little small at first when I opened the box, but they fit perfectly.  I don't know how they do it at exist.

Aorta get these... :)  You won't be sorry
Moved the shoe and especially loved the price!  Very comfortable and goes with anything
Great all-around order experience.  Immediate shipment, rapid delivery and product was exactly as described on webster.  Top quality material, same for workmanship.  Meets my need for transporting widescreen notebook and accessories.  Will do business with of Luggage again
They sell magic scarves at the Hallmark near my house, and my friend and I went in a bought two of them because they were so pretty and soft, and we didn't even notice that they were big tubes until we got in the car and started playing with them. I wear it every day and it hasn't gotten missed up at all, and it's amazingly warm and perfect! There's so many different ways to wear it, and I love it. Even my boyfriend wants one now
i don't have a lot of experience with compression short, but i am very pleased with this product. the fabric does not lose compression over time (although i've only had them a short time). the fit is good, the fabric is comfortable. i've gotten into the habit of sleeping in them, and they work great for keeping you toast. i wish products like this were around during the years i played college soccer
Everyone loved me in these glasses for our "Old Fashioned Banquet"!  They completed my outfit, great price and a speedy delivery - which I really needed
These shoes are great.  By daughter wears them to school almost every day.
I like the way they look and they are easy to slide on and off.  His is a good value for the money
Have yourself the trouble and get the BRAIDED (3-line) later those type of clothesline. Want suction cups / rings / snap hooks, etc? Buy them for pennies at a drug store. The problem with this clothesline is that you can't make your clothes stay in position with only 2 lines--they slide down to the lowest point in the middle. The only way you can keep clothes somewhat separate so that they'll dry is with a braided line, period.
Great Back at a reasonable cost.  Material is excellent and comfortable to wear out of the package, choice of color.  Whipped in a timely manner.  Would continue to buy In Line from Amazon
I purchased these socks from a large department store in Chicago and fell in love with them and wanted to get rid of every other pair of trouser socks I had. It took me months of online searching through all major department stores to find them and then as a last resort I went to Amazon and found them in a second. I have already bought 8 pairs and will probably order another dozen and get rid of all the poorly made and uncomfortable socks I have in my drawer. I am hooked on Due Plus size and it is so easy through Amazon.
Happy with this item. The support is good. material used in this product is nice and soft. Overall a comfortable feeling.
The delivery was quick, and it's a well made quality product with comfort and functionality built into the design.  By wife has not used her other purses since I gave her this and she loves the convenient access and size. Soft black padded leather and over all style looks nice with many outfits too.  Over all we were both happy with the deal
Side from being the default foot wear for anyone who has to clear security to fly, I wear mine to the grm both to lift weights and joy the treadmill. It's gotten some questions and raised some eyebrows. 
By answer is that no running shoe I have used gives the same comfort.
no around boats where you feet will go wet, I prefer the beach model which is offered in fewer sizes, they try to cover two shoe sizes for each crop.
I wear both types ALL of the time and wear has been less than with the common loafer
I needed a "man bag" and this is perfect.  Front pocket for a Moleskine Journal, the larger back pocket for books, golf discs (2-3), or an external of.  Now I just need to find a giant multi tool to populace that cell-phone pocket.  It's not very big, but if you need a small bag for travel and hitting the town, this is a good-un.  I've been carrying it for two weeks and none's called it a nurse yet
It looks like metal but it was as soft as a cardboard. Terrible
By son wears shoes out fairly quickly and these are holding up well to all an almost 3 year old can dish out.  The velcro also makes it possible for him to dress himself, which he likes, and provides a good fit
Looks nothing like the image shown. 3 inches shy of even hitting the knee, let alone over it (and she isn't tall 5'5"). Deep looking....
By husband is a corpora fan (Greene wallet), but we were unable to find a replacement for his old one so we tried this.  He is happy with it, but he had to lessen the number of cards he can carry at one time
I bought this bar because the ad says 100% cotton.  There is no cotton in this bar.  It is 86% non and 14% latane.  Of you want a cotton bar, this is not for you
A little bulkier than I expected given that it has six card shots. Still, I'm happy with it. Seems better constructed than the Workers front-pocket wallet it replaced
The order was delivered in a timely manner, well package and as described.  Thanks
His doesn't come across on the pick as well as in person.  Well made, excellent buy, great vendor.  Prompt, have used before and will again
I wasn't expecting much based on the price, so I was pleasantly surprised when I received my order. The tone is a nice size, made of relatively heavy fabric and seems to be well-sewn. I've paid a lot more for a lot less. His was a great buy
Of you're a man looking for a practical thing that you can wear all day, this is it. I know a lot of people feel that things should only be worn by women, but for a guy, nothing looks better under a well-fitted pair of jeans, and they feel great. 

However, never forget that men things should only be worn by guns with slim to athletic bodies - you women out there know exactly what I mean!
I was very disappointed when I received these boots.  The description clearly states that the boots are leather, but they are NOT.
I have been searching for the perfect red sock, not too thick, not so thin it sides off your heel and, most importantly, COTTON.  By search is over.  His is by far the best sock ever.  Great with speakers AND closed in shoes.
I love my regular Cross (they are my staple shoe in summer) but they're too informal for workdays.  By fiance got me this Prima style for the holidays and they have quickly become my favorite shoes.  They are as lightweight and comfortable as Cross, and also breathable.  Met they are as cut as regular ballet flats.  I'm going to buy another pair in silver.  Is for the other reviews complaining about a poor fit -- I wouldn't buy these shoes online unless you have tried them on in a store first, but if you of buy them try them on at home before going out so you can return them if they don't fit.  You can't expect every single shoe manufacturer to adhere to the exact same dimensions.
these work great, stay behind the scenes and last longer than expected. not a big fan on metal tie clips/tracks/bars or don't want to pay for one then these are perfect
I am a regular fitness swimmer and go through the lavra suits every 4-6 months.  They always get too stretched out and cause drag in the water.  His suit is holding up beautifully with none of the usual says and wear marks from getting in and out of the pool.  Also, I'm usually a size 16, on the county side, but this suit looks good on me and fits well even in a size 14.  Really glad I found it
I was looking for a quality boot for my wife. Once again Amazon
came to the rescue. Line West quality and an incredible discount
plus free shipping.
By wife was thrilled.The boot is beautiful and she tells me
it is incredibly comfortable-- highly recommended
Wouldn't have taken the chance if they hadn't been on sale, but they fit perfectly and look wonderful on.  Good quality and well-made
His is a beautiful scandal but the shoe was made from really stiff and giving material.  The footmen was uncomfortable and not a good fit or feel to it.  The price is right but there are so many scandals with gemstones to choose from I decided to return these scandals
I've tried many bands of walking shoes over the years, with varying degrees of comfort and support.  I wear walking shoes at least 6 days a week - so I need a pair that can last.  Since I purchased a pair of Rockport last year, which I really liked, I figured that I would do the same again.  After having worn the Stride for a good month, I was not disappointed.  I consider Rockport to be one of the best companies when it comes to making quality shoes for a reasonable price.  I would definitely purchase this item again through Amazon
I purchased two of these dresses for my bridesmaids and I love them!  I didn't know what size to get so I just called them and they were very curious and helped me determine which size I need to order.  The fabric is beautiful and will make my bridesmaids shine.  It comes with straps that someone can put on if you need.  His was cheap and beautiful for my bridesmaids.
I ordered this shirt in a large for my husband & he is not a hard to fit large.  His large is a bit short.  The seller did ship fast though
By son needed these for wresting and is very happy with them. He says they are comfortable and also look good. I would recommend them to anyone
are these soOoOo hot?...I worried about the plastic look but they look so good on
His shoe is great - my daughter loves the saying, and the fact that it is a slip on makes it easier to put on by herself.  Is always, I am pleased with this Stride Site shoe - and even more pleased about the price
These are extremely soft and comfortable, they fit true to their size chart ~ form-fitting but not *tight* ~ and work perfectly in a Sofa class.

That else are they good for?  Sleeping, lounging, hanging around outside, and on and on.  They also work layer under a short skirt or short, or loose flannel plaid parts for an updated 90's grudge look.  ^.~  And no matter how you wear them, they look HOT.

Overall these are an extremely versatile article of clothing, useful and comfortable, reasonably prices, and made here in America (FINALLY really American-made wear!!) by workers who earn a living wage.  I highly recommend them
I bought these scandals so my 2 or old daughter could wear them in water, such as running through the spindle or at the splash mat at the park and they're perfect for this and everyday wear.  They must be comfortable because my daughter asks to wear them all the time, and they look so adorable on.  The gets lots of compliments on them.  It's easy to adjust all three straps for a perfect fit. They dry fast and stay looking clean. I thought I wouldn't like the the gray sole at first, but it looks really good.  It looks more feminine than the black sole on Texas and stays cleaner looking than a white sole.  You and your kid will love these scandals
these shoes are very come if you're looking for an 8 he, on your feet shoes.  I'm on my feet for all 8 his walking back and forth and these shoes don't tire my feet.  There is no strain on the arch and no pitching in the toes. Looks great with parts and skirt suits. However, they would look better with a bit of a higher heel
These shoes work well, but are very uncomfortable.  I wouldn't recommend them if you have to wear them for more than 15 or 20 minutes.  I use them to practice with my daughter; they work fine for that
a great bag, nice leather, beautiful shade of brown.  I love the size and design, as it was what I was looking for. Arrived fast.  There's a few scratches on it already from using it.  I'm not the most gentle on things, but not rough.  the buckles on it are not solid metal, they're like hollowed out.  That would be my only complaint or disappointment.  Great for the price, perfect size to supplement your purse to work
this thing is great for mounting on the wall.  The alarm never fails to wake me up either.  The temperature and moonphase information is not really necessary but its good for a grin or two
I needed a specific style of speaker and I was able to type in the description and get it without running all over town looking for this specific one.  Nipple!
true to size. usual Larks comfort. stylish look. great price. incredibly
fast shipping! ordered my second pair before i wrote this review..
I have always been an aides man...
And as usual this time too I was not disappointed.
Its excellency. Not too sure what to do with those spare involves though
I like the week-a-book look, you know, how you can see a hint of flesh between those stripes. The G-string isn't as tiny as some of the things out there. The three bows give the piece kind of a little girl gone bad kind of look, if that's the kind of fantasy you're into. A real baby doll look. I can't imagine a man who wouldn't go gage over a girl who changed into this when she said she was just going to slip into something more comfortable. I know when I saw this dropped over a female form I went gage
The old stand for a suddenly wet and/or chilly windy ride is to wear a garage bag.  It works but you would really rather be wearing a jacket that can be lipped and snipped.

A decent cycling jacket costs about $150 more or less, but if you're a novice you don't need to blow that kind of cash, and this jacket will serve you fine.  Deep it with you just in case, and see the envy on others faces as they shiver in their lavra or suffer the anna conditions of wearing a garage bag to keep dry because they didn't carry this handy bit that easily fits in a jersey pocket or any kind of backpack without too much bulk.

Keeping the wind out alone is a big way to keep warm in foul conditions, while continuous riding will produce more than enough heat to keep you warm most of the time.

Of you're heading out for, say, NYC's Give Borough Like Your in May, and don't know what to buy, your basis are: some kind of jersey--a CoolMax shirt will do; 6 panel or more cycling short with a chamois (pad) where the sun don't shine; light / thin socks (Air-e-atoms are best); and one of these jackets.  These and a helmet and you're set for serious riding.

Skin the bulky layers for warmth.  Of you want that bit of induration you may need, get a $10 polarfleece vest from a bargain store, and one of these jackets. 

I take one star because it doesn't have vested armpits, but on second thought I probably shouldn't have in consideration of the price to value ratio
Tired of sad, slightly smell mats at the grm, I set out to find a you mat that would inspire me to put in the time... even when I was busy!  Success!  Must normal thickness, but the cashier mats tend to make me feel slightly supported.  The grooves provide good solid grip for your feet, and though it was a little sick at first, after I washed it and used it for a while it became nice and sticky.  But above all, the reason you are probably considering this mat rather than a cheap(er) one is... the beautiful pattern.  I selected the blue one, and I've gotten so many compliments.  More importantly, it makes me enjoy my lookout even more.  Oh, and the kicked - the pattern isn't just surface (as the other reviewed pointed out), but continues through the entire mat, so you can't wear it away with use.  Certainly recommended
He received the jersey when they said we would and it was just what we wa need
I love this bar.  It stretches all the right places and supports where you need it.  It is soft and comfortable.  The only thing I would recommend for improvement is a slightly wider band at the bottom.  Otherwise, great
I received my order in a shorter time than expected and it was just as it was ordered.  To problems whatsoever.  It was as if I had gone to the store and picked them out myself.  I highly recommend the product and the supplier.  I will definitely order this way again.  LorRae Also
Super comfortable scandals !!  Great price !!  Will buy more in several colors !
I bought these for my wife, she has beautiful feet. The noticed them in a add and I surprised her with them. Simple things keep me a Happy guy!

Thanks!

Scott With For
His was a fabulous purchase, great product and the price was the best I could possibly have found after hours of research.  Thanks so much
Vice checkbook cover mine smelled like leather not a strong or funny smell at all
His was a gift for my husband (not to wear, but to look at me wearing)and he was very pleased with it (as was I).  It is not a whole lot of anything, which in this case is perfect and does its job nicely
I love this party! It's so comfortable. The material is very silk and feels great on the skin, but it also have a lot of stretch which makes if fit very well. His was the first To Any Line Promise party I got, but after getting this I also went and got one of the things, which is also wonderful. I think this is one of the most comfortable parties I've ever worn. I want a lot more
These are perfect dance parts but do run small.  Should be labelled Junior Size S, M, L.  Definitely not for anyone wearing woman sizes.  And they run long.  Daughter is 5'3", we will need to hem these.
I've tried Johnston-Murphy, Rockport, and Sole An in trying to find the perfect shoe.  I have chronic back trouble so I'm finicky about my shoes.  The was and the was started falling apart within 3 or 4 months.  I've had a pair of these for a year and a half and they're like new.  I've already bought a second pair.  I'll never wear any other brand
I really did not believe that this item would work. I lit "three on a match and ordered three to prove it. I still can't believe just how well it worked just perfectly as promised. There has this product been all my life! I just happened to "stumble" over it looking for ties. Thanks for
your great product placement. I can promise anyone reading this one thing:
YOU WILL NOT FIND A BETTER VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY ANYWHERE on the internet
Ought 2 and buying 6 more now.
By son wears Sees everyday and these are equal or better to the ones I usually buy at Banana or Abercrombie for 20.00
Soft and wash really well.
He actually told me how comfortable they feel and gave me a big kiss.

Also think I will try the Long Sleeve ones for only a buck more
I love these running shoes.  They have a great look and they feel great, too. They fit my feet perfectly
Arrived promptly, in excellent condition and for $45.00 less than in stores
I bought this item for my may. Its perfect for protection, so you dont have to worry on damaging your may. The screen protector adds safety to the screen. I use the strap for exercising, its does its job. The clip is perfect if you dont want to carry your player in your pocket and hand all the time
The ones is very cut & is the exact size I needed. Is a great product for a low price!!! Last shipping!!
These are the best shoes! They are the first pair I could keep on my son's feet. Other shoes have very hard soles and are difficult for new walker. The Comfort Did shoes are soft enough for new walker, but thick enough to handle the elements from walking outside. I tried Robeez, but I didn't like the way they seemed thin, plus he would kick them off. He actually likes wearing these! He will hand them to me to put on his feet. Great product! I wish they had a few more style though. I am on my and pair of the same shoe and I am sure I will get another pair when he goes up a size
I got these in black and from day one they were of comfortable and bearable.  Didn't need to break them in at all.  I've gotten lots of compliments on them too!  A this price, I may order them in brown too
Prompt delivery. Excellent service. Shoes were exactly like they were described. Love the shoes!
The product description is accurate.

I bought it as a Christmas gift for my 80+ father for use in Tucson, Arizona for his walk between his retirement unit and the pool. He was delighted.
It's an excellent quality alternative to your heavy-weight "plush" bath robe, yet being cotton will absorb random drops.

I may "need" one myself.
Regular Dearfoam Slippers were too short.  The Dearfoam Boots are a little longer
The photo is quite deceiving.  His suit is made out of cheap polyester fabric that looks cheap, shiny, and is horrible to the touch.  By three year old hate the uncomfortable stiffness.  Spend the extra money for a decent fabric that is actually practical for a toller if they really need a suit
These shirts are made of heavier material then your average the-shirt.  They fit well with enough room in them for performing physical labor.  The loop over the pocket to hold your pencil is a nice touch.  But even if you drop your pencil, these shirts are made long enough for you to bend over and pick it up with confidence
I ordered this when I was on action because I couldn't find one of these where I was... a LEATHER one.  It's just what I wanted.  The pocket covers aren't actual buckles, there's a snap underneath it; which makes it very quick to get in and out.  There's an alternative entrance to the main area... like that.  Smells like leather - like that.  Must a good overall product.  I've never owned or wanted a purse all my life... and this is the closest I've come
These are supposed to x boxers, that means they should be made for a big man.  Well they fit my boyfriend like little boy boxers. they were about 2 inches long. They were horrible for him.  He threw 2 of them out.  
By advice: DONT GET THESE FOR A BIG, TAL MAN THEY'of MMAKE U FEEL LIKE A GIANT
After seeing the photo and reading the other reviews I thought this would be a good buy. I'm not really thrilled about this jacket. It's a flies rain jacket and not a stormbreaker. It doesn't have that good quality lining that gives jackets that heavy feel. His is something you can easily find at Palmar on sale for $9.99.
I bought this hat for my little boy and he loved it. It's expensive but well made. I highly recommend it
gave it to my older sister as a birthday gift.  i was surprised of the quality of this product compared to the price.  unfordable, sex and top notch
I purchased these slippers on sale which was great!  I bought them a size smaller because that's all they had available but they stretched out perfectly.  Highly recommended
Awesome product!! You don't need to spend big bucks for some designer. Keeps out all the wind and rain. I bike commune and wear this over a suit and tie. Works great!!!Not product right on time. Highly recommend!
The entire ASICS-of line from the of-1000 to the most recent of-2120 are by far the best value for runners! 

The ASICS was are consistently ranged the best overall running shoe by the editors of Gunner's World Magazine year after year - and I agree 100%.

By last four pairs of running shoes have been ASICS and every pair has impressed me and kept my knees and feet pain free - even through my weekly long runs, which are up to 13 miles each.
(Sick make great running socks too, which make all the difference if you run longer distances.)

His particular shoe, ASICS of-2120, is my favorite so far. I prefer this shoe to the more prices ASICS Kayano, which provides less cushion and costs $135 per pair.

Must when I thought it impossible to love my was any more - ASICS outside itself with the of-2120.
There so warm and copy for those long winter nights and they're good for mountain hers. The keep your feet warm and dry
Such a simple product, but works To well! All my boots and I are very happy. :
I ordered these as a gift for my son.  The quality was great and the price was right.  He were both pleased with the purchase.  I chose amazon to purchase through because I have had so much success finding what I want at prices I like on their site
Excellent Service!   I got the order within a week, in beautiful condition - fits great!!! Thank You
By 92 or old mother has quite a bit of difficulty getting around, she does use a walker 100% of the time. The has a "high instep" and many slippers do not fit her well. His style of Dearfoam slippers have actually assisted her from falling. I hope Dearfoams continue this style
I am selective about the pantyhose I wear and I have been disappointed for various reasons in some of the pantyhose I have bought over the years. Due style in May Sheer to Waist pantyhose, Age Defiance control pantyhose and Clear Control pantyhose all deserve 5 star rating from me. These pantyhose are also relatively expensive. I bought this style pantyhose in an and I like very much how it looks on my legs and thighs when wearing a dress or skirt. 

   While in recent years I often need, for the sake of an appearance, to wear control top pantyhose, this style is among the most comfortable and nice looking sheer to waist pantyhose I have worn. I highly recommend May Sheer to Waist pantyhose to all persons who sometimes or often want to wear sheer to waist pantyhose to go with their mind-dresses and mind-skirts.
I really like this gown. I love the color and the beading.  The fit is very flattering
It is a cheap soccer shoe with little support. the tongue extends about 1" past the last facing hole and digs into your ankle, one inch is also not enough for it to be bent back over the faces so it is sufficiently awkward and was enough for me to return the shoe. unfortunately no free returns so i'll be shopping elsewhere for my indoor soccer shoes. typically i wear a size 13, however these were about a size too large on me so i'd wear a 12 in this shoe. i have a pair of aside running shoes, motto clefts and new balance cross trainer that are all 13
i think this is one of the finest quality of a shirt..what a bargain..unbelievably cheap..i have c-25-35 figure and i ordered size small and its a perfect fit for me..its exactly look the same in the pick or better..i have the same body type as the model so i guess if or not skinny enough and try to hide or extra bulge this is not the shirt for u..its super stretch and body fit hugging.
I've always had a love/hate relationship with my scandals.  Love them when I first set eyes on the "must have" shoe, hate them when my feet are suffering from breaking them in.  I bought these scandals for a vacation that had a lot of walking involved.  From the first day I wore them they confirmed perfectly to my feet.  I did an amazing amount of walking in them the first day and not one blister!  These scandals formed around my feet as if they were already broken in.  To basically i did not have to do it!  I highly recommend these scandals as a must have for any women's closet.
His item is not 100% cotton.  Father, it is 100% polyester
Description says to order 2 sizes smaller than street shoe. I normally wear a 6.5 and ordered a 4.5. They are just a little bit too small. I should have ordered 1.5 sizes smaller than street shoe. Other than that, no complaints! They are great shoes
I have to say that I liked the crotchless French Niches (also by Love If) better and that I'll probably buy a ton of them, but I'll get a pair or two of these as well, because there are sometimes in the bedroom when you just want to play the Devil and everybody knows Satan always wears red. His is the last review tonight. He've had maybe a bit to much to drink, a bit of harmless fun for under a hundred dollars each, and we all got to record a bit here about what we thought about these very sex indies. It has been fun and I hope we can do it again sometime
Looks good with jeans, looks great with dress parts. His is a great wardrobe piece. Lots of style.
The skin fits well & the belt clip works well. It seems a bit bulkier than my friend's Men skin & belt clip...but she paid about $10 more than I did! I would definitely recommend this product. I have yet to use the armband so I can't review that right now. 

By only issue is the screen protector fits into the window of the skin, not Men screen. To the screen protector is smaller than the Men screen. The window of the skin covers a couple millimetres of the top of the screen, but that part only tells the time anyway
I really like my jeans because not only are they long enough, they fit everywhere else too.  A rare occurrence in the purchasing of jeans online.  Aorta love it!
He
The reviewed below hit it on the head. Of you want your boys to ride in comfort all day long, and want to not even notice your underwear all day long...believe me the thing is a LOT less annoying than either boxer briefs or especially briefs. And, yeah, the wife likes me in em too, but the real bonus is the all-day comfort. Us...you'd better try these things. Cry all kinds, but this one is near the top of my list. Lots of room and no binding.

To slowly...buy one thing at a time and make sure it fits before buying more of the same kind! Some fight tight...others loose
I love this bar and I wear one daily.  Of you like comfort combined with beauty, then this one is for you
The heel is perfect for "mature" women, but not "old lavish".
Very comfortable
I bought this armband and case for my Apple good naso (Product) Red.  It's the really small good with a metal shell and it has rounded edges, which makes it a and generation naso.  To, if you're looking for a case and an armband for working out (as I was) then this is the right product!  The case fits perfectly and has the slits in the back to fit the armband or even a belt if you want.  I searched high and low for something like this and was extremely pleased when I received such a high quality product for such a cheap price.  You won't be disappointed in this one
I love these shoes and so does everyone who sees me in them.  I am the envy of the girls at work
I own a black version of this wallet and I like it because it has a big coin compartment, a convenient of window, and ample space for banknotes (and business checks) and receipts.  The number of credit card shots is kept to a minimum (3) which is perfect for a check card, a business credit card and a personal credit card. 

I like to pay cash, flash my of when I go to a bar, and actually use the change I get instead of collecting it in a big jar. I used to have a smaller wallet and was afraid that this would not fit in my front pocket. It turns out that this is actually a bit glimmer and its larger dimension is still short enough to comfortably fit in a low-rise jeans front pocket. 

The wallet is really handmade in Italy and looks and smells great. Even comes with the warranty directly from the Italian artisans. 

His is definitely not for those who carry and regularly use lots of credit cards
these you parts are cut and nicely prices. one note: they are quite long, so if you're used to getting high-waters, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
His is my fifth pair of Cross but the first in the Layman style. Really good fit since it comes in specific sizes as opposed to Medium, Large, etc. I highly recommend this lightweight shoe/scandal to anyone who has foot problems, is on their feet all day, or likes the convenience of just losing the dirt off! The shake color blinds well with almost anything, and I received the shoes shortly after ordering.  Everyone, young and old, male or female, needs to slip on a pair of these featherweight scandals
Black is not black, it has a dark brown reflex on it. It does not look good on. I have plenty of trees and this is the worst. It looks bigger than what the label says. For what you get this is pretty expensive. I bought this from Foot locked. I find shipping and handling prices ridiculously high when you buy only a t-shirt. Astray and some other sport apparel companies charge the same. It is ridiculous. Must do not buy
They are so comfortable that they feel like tennis shoes to me. The actual color is darker than what they appear online
I love this gown! It feels like silk against my skin and is very well made. I've washed it in the machine in the regular cycle.. it comes out looking as nice as new! no bidding! The fabric is a high quality and doesn't sang or pick! The lace trim also is high quality! I will order more! Hope there's a robe to go with it
After Leading and trying this is best .. I've just got new one now they can be found good price.. I go to grm and this shoes are very good..I don't really feel any jump and shock while running or working out.. wonderful technology..I highly recommend it..
I bought this bag to use as a overnight bag and to take on weekend trips.  The body of the bag easily fits the amount of clothes etc required for a few days away...

BUT the bag does NOT CLOSE.  of ALL.  Apparently the is some sort of built in hidden magnetic closure that is supposed to secure the top flap to the front of the bag.  His does not work (at least on my bag).  

WORSE STILL, even if this magnet thing worked, the sides of the flap are still totally open, and anything small that you have in your bag can fall out if thecal is in anything but a perfectly upright position.

To much for using this as a carron bag, or putting it in the trunk of a car.  It is totally reliable.  I am definitely returning this bag
I originally purchased these for the cut and color.  But after wearing them several times, I've come to appreciate how comfortable and sex this thing is.  The silk is shiny and smooth without being too delicate.  By only concern is that the pouch shape is a little off, often requiring adjustments for comfort.  Still, a worthy product at a decent price
I found that these short do run a little bit small in size so make sure you give yourself an extra size up to make sure there is adequate room to move freely. Follow the care label for the first wash or two until they get broke in because the short are bit stiff at first due to their Scotchgaurding. 
TIP: Take sure you wash them before you wear them. 
I would recommend these short for most anyone who is looking for disability, comfort, and/or needing a professional look in the garments they wear.
NOTE: Of you are looking for extra pockets go the Rockies cargo route. These do not have any extra pockets
His bar is the worst bar I have ever owned! fit wrong and made me point and odd shaped! never ever buy this bar.... and you can get it way cheaper off line if you must buy
The Kidney cars shoes were awesome for my grandson.  He loved the racing lights and the wheels on the sides.  They are somewhat tight because of the elastic on the inside, but they were a big hit for him.
His pair of short are really cut and comfortable.  They are really short and the material is really soft.  The waist fits quite well and the leg holes are comfortable.  I purchased a size medium and I am a size 6 and they were perfect.

Of you have thick legs, i would not recommend.  But if you have toned legs, they are great for revealing them
I ordered this shirt to go with the aides and the comb was nice. I will order more in the future
His product came quickly, contained all it described, high quality, however,  the picture representing the product was a bit misleading.  The color was different than depicted, and the belt clip did not match the skin.  I recommend looking at other similar PCWorld products to get an accurate idea of the colors
The fabric of the bathroom was wonderful Egyptian cotton, but the bathroom was huge.  It was more like a tent than a bathroom.  It was an anniversary present for my wife (size 8) and the bathroom was one size fits all as long as you wear a size 18.  I was very disappointed that I could not have ordered at least a general size (large, medium or small)
These shoes are exactly what I have been looking for, although, as usual, I waited until the stores no longer carried them in stock.  By only regret is that I could not find them available the brown in my size, but the bronze will do very nicely.
The service and price were excellent
I purchased this skin to accompany my daughter's new may player.  He managed to tear the skin first thing out of the box even though we were being careful, or so we thought.  I expected higher durablity
very comfortable,stylish and unable,shipped very fast,great price, 100% satisfied I will be back to shop at Really.
By husband is a big man and very rough on belts.  Most belts last him a few weeks.  His one has lasted him 3+ years.  The only reason I'm buying him a new one is because he's lost so much weight.  There's still 'lots of miles' left in the belt I'm replacing.  Definitely got our money's worth out of it
These pumps are very cut, but don't plan to wear them more than 3 hours. After 3 hours I almost couldn't walk. They a little bit to high and to narrow....But way to cut...they perfect for a dinner date, but not for a dancing date.:
Great case, everything fit perfect and unable except for the beaver clip that fell off.
I bought this jersey for a true soccer fan and he loved it! The colors and quality of the jersey are great. Anyone who routes for the french soccer team will truly appreciate it.
Vice quality. Made my wife very happy. Soft to the touch and very "appealing"
I Ought these scandals for my husband and he loves them. His feet are happy. Its a very comfortable scandal it worth it's price
I purchased this item thinking that it would make a nice gift, but upon receiving it found it looks and feels like something from a dollar store, and it's not even worth the dollar.  
  Very cheery item.
The writing was peeling off this badly.  I can't let me child wear this.  I threw it out
A WHILE BACK I HAD A FRIEND WHO WAS DOING WARDROBE of A MOVIE WITH VINCENT GALLO AND JERRY LEWIS...I ASKED of FRIEND of SEND of ANY JERRY STUFF of COULD GET HIS HANDS of...SEEMS JERRY LEWIS CHANGES AND THROWS OUT HIS SOCKS 4 - 5 TIMES A DAY...of I GOT A BAG of SLIGHTLY WORN...YET AFTERSHAVE SOAKED WIGWAM KING COTTON CREW SOCKS...I'of BEEN BUYING THEM EVER SINCE...WOULDN'T YOU?

LOUISXX
REALLY YOU ARE AWESOME!! THANKS FOR YOUR FAST SHIPMENT!! WAS A PLEASURE of of BUSINESS WITH YOU!! 
REGARDS,

JOSE SANTAELL
By daughter says: "They are fun to wear. They make a clump clump noise. They are very wonderful to look at."
I say: "They are very cut. By daughter enjoys the heel.
I placed an order with Shoemall and they were out of stock.  I then gave them a bad review for advertising shoes they were no longer selling.  The company called my home to apologize for the inconvenience.  I was really impressed with their customer service and I went ahead and placed 2 more orders.  The shoes are so comfortable and I got them at a great price.  His is a top rate company
I found the european back (basically a y-shape) to take some getting used to, but all in all, this is a decent thing.  The 100% cotton is quite comfortable. His and the adequate waist band makes for decent comfort and moveability
I got this shirt not long ago, at first I thought i't was too small, but I put it in the washed and i't fit just right! all of my friends and even my teacher recognized my shirt! I advise you and your family  to by this shirt!!!!!
I love these boots! I brought them in the bone color...right before the holidays and have worn them several times since.  I'm not big on point toe shoes because my feet are slightly wide, but I got them in the regular width and they are very comfortable. The heels are the perfect height too...just tall enough to be stylish without the clumsiness or lower back discomfort. They are class looking and go well with any outfit, whether I wear them with jeans or with a suit. The fact that they come to the ankle is also a bonus when you're driving or sitting. I've received so many compliments when I wear them. The fit is so great that I'm even thinking of getting another pair in black
I ordered a half size larger than I wear and these fit perfectly.  Vice and warm.  Very come shoes right out of the box.  I love Worn shoes and these Larks fit much the same as the Horns
I am a mortgage loan officer and wanted to purchase a nice leather business bag.  (First impressions are vital in this business).  I can't begin to tell you how many compliments that I have received.  Not to mention the packing... It came in a REALLY nice box and an even nicer dust bag came with it.  PERFECT BAG FOR THE PROFESSIONAL
they were not as heavy weight as stated..to me they seem more like a regular t-shirt..and the size seems to be a little smaller than norm..after first washing, they really shrink..
I will not buy any more.
Classic looking boots - they fit great, and at such a nice price!  To ahead Amazon
His dress is a BARGAIN. I'm chaperoning from this year, and this is perfect!  Who would have thought one could get such a lovely dress for such a low price.  It is pure ELEGANCE.
These thing scandals run true to size and are very lightweight.  They are also a shiny patent material.  These are the plumes.  The one minus that is just a thing with me is that they come up far on my foot.  That is, the toe piece seems a bit long.  I kept them because I know I will throw them on all summer to run around with my kinds around the house.  I also do not think that they are really worth the price.  Yes, they are Tommy Hilfiger, but the name is all you are really paying for.  They are an okay shoe, overall - not my favorites
A friend suggested these shoes for waiting around the neighborhood. I will never forget that day.

The first thing you must know about these shoes is that they are horribly uncomfortable at first. With stiff plastic boards attached to your feet, you wander around wondering why you'd ever wasted your money. Soon, however, they start to mold to your feet. They take on every bone, every curve, every pitch. The next thing you know, it's like wearing a glove. Perfect shoes that seemed to be made just for you. Is they age, they eventually start to smell, and you replace them and repeat the whole process.

I love these shoes. However, they do not love me. After years of wearing them, the lack of arch support finally did me in... I developed foot problems that rendered walking impossible for a few days. The pain lasted months. With time, and care, my feet are better. But I can't go back to these amazing shoes.

By suggestion is to wear them sparingly.
I was pleased with my purchase, it arrived in a timely fashion and was as advertised.  I would buy from this store again
These shoes are more of a 5 than a 6. They are labelled as Of but I even had an aunt who is of try them on and they were tight on her
West 50 bucks I've ever spent. I have a valet job and work outside all winter, I wear these things every day under a pair of thin Workers and they are fantastic. I'm a bigger guy, and the compression gear tops don't work well with my big gut, these are just right for my lower body type. Of you're a size 38-40 waist like me, go with the XXL, it's just the right size. Combined with the Under Armour River Lock (actually a golf item) my base layer is perfect, I never get cold. I recently wore the same combination skin, and the leggings were perfect under my snow parts. Must pull them up to the top of the sock with a little overlap and no moisture accumulates against your body whatsoever, a very important element of staying warm and safe when it's cold out. All of Under Armour's products I have tried do a great job of this moisture transportation away from your skin and I'll never wear cotton or other long underwear again. To yourself a favor and try these out, they are the new gold standard in my book
Great fit for a great price.  The cotton ensures they are very comfortable. I especially like the fact that they have a very slight rib effect which makes them a bit stretch.  His is nice, since it prevents the cotton from getting "baggy", which cotton tends to do after it has been worn.  Buy these; you and your guns will be happy
You could not ask for more in a super soft tireless. I liked the feel and weight. Vice touch with the 'pillowsoft' back closure. Its larger sizes well(38DD even!) I have an order bar that is similar from Victories and it cost me $45! I like this one better!
I bought these in silver and absolutely love them.  I am wearing them for a special occasion, but wouldn't suggest them for a casual look as they are very sparkle--gorgeous
His dress was great.  I wore it to a wedding.  I even have a picture where I look like a movie star in it!  However, I was glad I read the review about the seizing - I am normally a medium and I had to get a large to fit me.  Thanks
The collar stays work well and the shipping was on par. I will consider ordering from this company again
Am 13 & am getting into puberty. His underwear helps clot in school because I get sudden elections. One time in grm we were changing and I looked at another guy and got one and thanks to these briefs they hid it so no one saw it. Also their a big hit with your boyfriend to cause my of loves it and he wears them for the same reason
His bag is excellent if you're looking for a simple bag to carry anything from books to lawton.  I did not want one of those bags that had 50 different pockets because the more pockets you have the easier it is to displace stuff and end up confusing yourself.  The bag is extremely unable as I have traveled the world with it and it has stood up to quite a beating.  Actually the bag still looks relatively new for how much abuse I have put it through.  I have never used it while liking but if you ever visit An Francisco, California you will see almost every bike messenger using this bag
protectors great keep your upon in great shape you pay clot for upon and this is a great price love i
Awesome, comfortable boots at an extremely reasonable price
By uncle who lives in Vermont also lives in cargo parts.  During the winter season, he wears the fleecy-lined ones and the other seasons, the regular cargo parts
Not to be the touches piece of leather a cow has ever produced!  I've literally never had a pair of boots that need THIS much breaking in and I own LOTS of boots.  Takes me not even want to to wear them
I bought the black and pink set.  It's great that this item has basically everything you need to protect and wear your new naso.  The pink is quite transparent, which didn't look very good on my black upon, but the black is nice and opaque.  Take sure you don't get any dust on the sticky side of the screen protector as you apply it, because if you do, bubbles will definitely result and it doesn't look very good.  I had to take the screen protector off and wash it in water about three times in order to get it clean enough to put on.  The good thing is, you can wash it and it will stick again.  Also, any bubbles that are not directly over the screen are covered by the case.  Overall, I think it's a good deal for the price since you're getting everything you need in one item
It is just fine, not prefect for and Men. But must have it to keep out of catches and damages
These are very come, soft, and warm pump athletic parts. The bright pinkish color may not be for everyone, it is a hard color to match, but I love them too much for that to matter.
They were delivered quick and fit great. Wish I knew who I was writing this review for, so I could buy some more.
I bought this tone a couple of weeks ago, and has been using it day in and day out. It is a very convenient tone that you can depends on. Anyone who likes tone bags from Funtote [...] or Marimekko should also loves this bag
I purchased several of these types of tone bags from Bagedge.  They're strong enough for every day for light weight items. Of course the bags look bigger in the picture than in person.
its a great and new style of Yuma, the front is little narrow so if u got a wide feet this wont be comfortable for u, otherwise go for it! its worth i
Been carrying the same Taxi brand wallet for about 5 years.  Well made, unable and takes up very little room in my purse.  Highly recommended!
They shipped these almost overnight. By daughter was a perfect little flower girl; To trips, no blisters, and they've held up great over the past 9-10 months with great disability for dance and lots of play. The was a size 10 at the time of the wedding, but the shoes were a 9?  Her feet were fine. The can still squeeze into them now, and she's an 11.    Very pleased. Good value
His shoe is very comfortable, unfortunately I had to send it back to the manufacturer twice, the second time choosing a different style shoe because the net material comes loose from the seems where the faces are. I am very disappointed as I have come to expect quality from Merrell and these shoes fall apart in a few weeks.  I would recommend a different shoe as this one will last you between 1 and 3 weeks before lipping
this device didn work properly at all, i lost my money on this purchase.sorry, but that's how i feel
These short are very comfortable. and would recommend them to everyone. I will be ordering another pair soon
I gave these boots to my daughter for Christmas.  The loved them and they fit really well.  They run larger for their size, which is good, because my daughter is a size 11.  They do run big, but fit her great.  They also are a great quality.  And they are very much in fashion.  Great choice!
Spikes are great for jumping!But for sure order half a size or one size bigger! These shoes overall are really good! Must dont let anyone spike the top of the shoe... it leaves a hole
The Wolf key case is nice. It has hooks for 8 keys. They are a little hard to spread open and one broke. Otherwise it is fine
I bought 4 of these notes to use for grocer shopping trips for my husband and I...we're trying to be a little more earth-friendly and, frankly, all of those plastic bags were fluttering up our kitchen.  These notes are PERFECT for forgery shopping!! They are a strong and room and fit many, many groceries! They also have a little side pocket which we've found useful for greeting cards and gum and things like that.  You can also carry them on your shoulder which makes lagging in groceries much easier. The bags have solved other problems we didn't even consider when purchasing them- we've forgotten grocer bags at the store now that we have this self check-out, but we know exactly how many notes we have, so we won't forget them! Also, I bought 4 different colors, dark & light blue, red and yellow. He put refirgerated and frozen foods in the blue bags and the other in the red and yellow...our groceries are put away much more quickly! It this price, I DEFINITELY recommend them
I've been wearing these shoes for years.  They're as comfortable as shoes get, and they are available in EEE width and half sizes, so they fit me well.  Their soles are synthesis, not leather; this may make them less elegant, but it also at least quintuples how long they last.  The soles and heels never wear out for me; eventually the leather upper get too stuffed to keep wearing them except around the house and yard.

Except for the tiny little "buckle" on the strap, they have no metal in them, which means they go through all airport metal detector without setting them off.  The soles are thin, so I was never made to take them off at airport security either.  Well, not until the latest painless revision of TSA rules.  Someday sense may return to airport, and then the lack of metal will be helpful again
Good looking short at a pretty good price.  Sized HUGE for what other clothes seizing is.  Nipper blew up in about 2 months. Unfortunately, I won't buy this again
I love the jacket looks very nice and fits well. Plenty of pockets great inner lining. I had the sleeves lengthened because i have long arms. One of the loops that holds the inner winning broke but not a big deal. I got a great price and a great product
I choose 3-6 months size and looks like a 9 months size. Is too big
These boxers are much nicer than the photo suggest. I was pleasantly surprised. I was trying to replace a pair I had accidentally washed in the washing machine (a no-no with this fabric). Burns out the replacement were twice the quality of what I had originally purchased. I will probably be purchasing more. 
Your wife will thank you for buying these. Excellent quality, and softer than satin. By only complaint is that the fly tends to fall open sometimes, because it's made without a fastened. The idea is for a sleeker feel, but it sacrifices security. Love 'em anyway
i got this case as a present, and it is a really great case.  apart from the cool retro look of it, it protects my upon and isn't at all bulky.  this case uses magnet for the lip top, which makes this case less bulky than other upon cases.  my upon fits very snugly in this case and there a clear plastic that protects the screen.  the sides of the case stretch, so i'm pretty sure it would fit both the 30 and 60 go upon.  it is a bit prices, but totally worth it.  buy this case
These are very comfortable to wear and run in.  Downside is that the neighborhood kiss might laugh at you because they are so short.  Extra buds for putting a back pocket with a nipper to hold my good
I received the money clip which was advertised to be in a really nice box.  The money clip was less than what was described AND the display box was damaged with a huge nick in the top.  I returned the money clip and the company assured me they would send a replacement that was not damaged.  The second replacement item was just as bad, if not, worse than the first.  The company simply packages their items in a "padded envelope" which, obviously, doesn't protect the items from damage.  Will never buy from them again and suggest Amazon customers not use the company either
The wallet was a gift for my daughter's boyfriend.  He loved the wallet, the leather, the design, style, and sleek look of the Fossil wallet. It was a great purchase and a good value
The actual bag itself was great.  However, the time frame it took to receive the bag was not.  I ordered this bag and three weeks later it came.  I had to go buy a bag to take on vacation.  kind of defeated the purpose
this shoe is the most comfortable running if have ever had. 
Thanks
Even for only $12, these weren't worth the money.  They came smelling extremely strongly of turpentine, or some other noxious chemical and now, at least 2 months since I have received them, the smell has not dissipated.  They are extremely stiff, so even if they didn't reek, I still wouldn't wear them b/c my feet would be in matters by mid-day.  I guess that's what I get for buying cheap shoes
The baseball caps are fine.  I'm wearing them to play tennis
His cotton t-shirt is so cut to wear under a sweatshirt or alone.  The style makes it a cut choice for either a boy or a girl so if you are buying clothes for a first baby knowing you will keep them for the next baby this style is a great choice for either gender
His robe is so comfortable. I use it to stay warm in the evenings.
of--I would like to order another pair just like the pair of pump's that I had purchased a few months ago..I need to find the exact pair/color
I was so thrilled to find this fun bag at a price I can afford.  It's class-looking, and comes with a certificate of authenticity and a bag to protect it.  I'm completely happy with this purchase
I've always liked Sick since the 80's. They just work. His model(El-1100), not my first choice but available in my size turned out to be good. It fits well, very light, heel support is very good and I've worn it all day at work and it didn't make my feet tired. Running with these shoes is very good as well. I like it so much I bought two pairs. The price is great and the value is snatched. I have other brand of running shoes, but this is my favorite. Highly recommended and at this price, it's a "best buy"
I bought this as a surprise for my wife.  When we opened it, I thought that 1) we were shipped a pillowcase by mistake or 2) they hadn't finished it.  Edges are raw and unfinished.  It is a complete waste of money because returning it will mean that the shipping both directions will cost me more than the dress cost.  I understand that "you get what you pay for," but this was a piece of garage.

His dress in the picture is OBVIOUSLY pinned and pulled back to give it any shape whatsoever.  The picture does NOT accurately represent this item at all.  His will fit like a potato sack, folks.  I notice that the "raw edges" are now listed as a "feature."  Them.

In a recent e-mail exchange with them, I was told that (their words now): "quality is a subjective issue."  They have pestered me to change my feedback and I have challenged them three times now to point out any inaccuracies in my feedback, and I would absolutely recent them.

In their defense: my money has now been refused.

Now... anybody want to buy a pillowcase with three holes in it, worn for 90 seconds?  It would have been off sooner, but my wife was laughing too hard to get it back over her head.

Wish I could rate as a "zero
Must recently bought the Army Trunk. Very comfortable cotton boxer brief. Compared to other bands I own, they are as good or better than of, Wrist.
The shoes are so comfortable and stylish. An go with dress parts, jeans, and skirts. Great shoes
I ordered 1/2 a size larger than what I normally wear, they are very comfortable, but I could have ordered them in my normal size. Very nice looking
I was very surprised at the quality of the hat. Great hat. I got it just in time for fathers day. By husband was very happy he thought I paid a fortune for the hat
I purchased several pairs of these gloves.  They arrived quickly in the mail.  I am very pleased with the quality and price.  He use them as puppeteers to keep a firm grip inside the puppet's mouth.  Great item
I have foot problems.  By foot Doctor prescribed these shoes along with orthotics.  I've been wearing them for the past 15 years. These shoes have a very strong mid-sole and arch.
Of you're serious about running, go to a reputable store (i.e. RoadRunner Ports, Fleet Feet) and try out a bunch of different models and bands.  You need to find the right fit for your build, foot and gait, etc.  Anyway, the Sick 1100 is my shoe.  I love these and have been buying a new pair every 8-12 months for a few years now
I have 2 of these flat front See Performance Shakos and I like them a lot. These trousers come with some kind naso-technology coating which is really effective. Later resistant, wrinkle free.

I also have one of the pleased shakos, but the flat fronts are much better.

I will definitely buy more and highly recommend these trousers to everyone
The jacket is cut undersized, typical of foreign makes with poor quality control. The lining in the sleeve keeps coming of at the wrist which interferes with activity. Exterior shell has nice feel, but overall, a poor piece of work
i love these shoes and wear them at least 4 days a week
His is a wonderful product!  I hate things, but thought I'd try this one after seeing the WallStreet Journal article.  They were right!  It's fabulous and I cannot wait to buy more.  It's super come and doesn't move where you don't want it to.  It works great with low rise jeans and doesn't obnoxious "hang out" when you bend over. :)  Thanks so much!!  Of you don't want to get hooked, don't buy one. :
I bought my first pairs of Climax Fool-Site Crews over a year ago as athletic socks. In the meantime I have worn them for days on end working construction, landscaping, and lawn-care jobs. They have been bushwacking through brush and been melted with sawdust from a chains. These socks have been everywhere and they still look pretty much like they did the day I bought them. Well, the white ones have dirt and grass stains, but the fabric is prestige. The elastic is just like new. These are the touches, most comfortable everyday socks I have ever owned
I was disappointed when I got the shoes and one of them was made with inferior swede and very thin.I remained the company I bought them from and requested an exchange/return many times. They never responded and I ended up keeping the shoes as I needed them for work. I would not purchase from this company again.
By Cross are extremely comfortable!  I wear them to work, where I'm on my feet constantly, always feeling the support.  I am already looking into getting the Mary Lane style
FIT of PERFECT.  VERY COMFORTABLE.  4 STARS.   WOULD PURCHASE AGAIN.
                              MARY S
I was very pleased with my order of the jersey.  The quality was excellent, and it was delivered in a prompt manner and package nicely.  By son loves it, wore it to school the day after the Super Bowl, and it was a real hit
Thank you so much for my awesome shirt.  It's great...
I purchased 5 of the Until of Henleys in asserted colors not long ago.  But of the box, they were good quality.  After 2 wishes, however, they have shrunk practically to the point that they cannot be tucked in anymore.  By personal opinion... waste of money
Of you are full figured and looking for a good nursing bar, I HIGHLY recommend the Goddess Cotton Soft Up Nursing Era 511. It has great support, and has a secure clasp that is also quick to open. Its all I wear now after trying several style and bands
Tommy slingback with great heels, can wear from daytime to party time, nice color and style
I have cashier lined leather gloves from german's which i love, and wear all the time when i want to be a bit dress in cold weather. To I was excited to find these for about 30 percent less $, as they should be for an online source (I think). However I was disappointed because the cashier is of a poor quality, so they are  a bit rough, like regular wool. The leather is good though, so at least they look good! I have the silk lined from this source as well, and i like them, though they are not for really cold weather
I hunt with this pack on steep and slippery terrain.  The waist belt takes the pressure off my back and all the pockets keeps everything I need handy.  The water bladder holds enough for a full mornings hunt and is easy to clean and dry.  Thanks for a wonderful product
this backpack is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cut i bought this to use for a dinner bag on the simple fact it nicer looking than the old dinner bag the hospital gave me and is of better quality
I am sort of a lookout julie, to be more specific, a "FIRM" lookout julie. I like how intense the FIRM is, and I sort of look for that in the workouts that I do. Now this lookout is good, not as intense as the TransFIRMer workouts that were just out. On't get me wrong: I have the lb ball, and you use it for 90% of the lookout. It the end, I was definitely ready to put it down, so it did work me out.
Gros: Different change of pace using the ball; lots of moves that strengthen your core; a fun and different stretch at the end using the ball; Nina Smalley is a precise leader that is easy to follow.
Sons: I miss the old FIRM master instructor that were in all the other video. Must Lie and Allison were in this one. They didn't even introduce the others. There was no changes in weight, which used to be the way to spot an "ineffective lookout" according to the "old" FIRM tapes. And lastly, In my humble opinion, the ball is a little gimicky. A good lb weight held on the dumbly ends would work about the same. 
  Still worth giving it a shot for different days. You'll sweat, but you'll wonder, "Is this REALLY the FIRM?
not as bulky, but the large size is too large for a thin person
Finally. I've tried so many sports brass since my chest loomed cantaloupes, I've lost count. His is the one. I will never, ever buy another brand / model of sports bar.

He advised, getting into it the first time will be a struggle. To the bottom-most hook and eye first, then position the breasts into the cups, then continue. There's no other way to do it. His is a TIGHT bar. It has to be, to immobilised comfortably.

Of this bar had been available when I was in High School, I might have actually learned to enjoy sports--and I might have ended up a lot less klutzy.

And I'm wearing it to work as a minimize today.
I live in the of, and I sent a Pashmina Shawl to my aunt in Gape God as a gift. The was delighted
It's just what I wanted. I pulled out the removable sections because I prefer a glimmer feel.
I sent this bag to my friend as a surprise for her birthday  and she was overwhelmed.  The is a beach babe and said it is just perfect for her.  Pronounced it adorable and very chin.
I want one too
These are of good quality and I like the lock, it's not too big and does not look like something that will break easily. They also come with instructions on how to use them. I bought them for my 7 and 8 year old kiss too and they like them
I've jumped rope for 7+ years for cards and just purchased my th pair of these.  I have a a cheap plastic one and a weighted rope (this verlust leather weighted).  The plastic one costs only a few dollars that I use if i'm traveling for more than a couple days, and sometimes to mix it up.  The weighted rope is a good cards lookout which also tones your upper arm extremely well.

His is my th pair because the others have eventually cracked through, which happens when it drops repeatedly against the floor at a bad angle.  One of them also just wore out in the center where there's clot of friction with the floor.  I tried another plastic handled brand, but that cracked around the same area as well, and even sooner.

His is a classic, and fully recommend.  it didn't receive 5 stars only because it needs to be replaced every couple years.  but then again so do all the others.  Highly recommended
His item is out of this world my grandchildren wore them for a birthday party and everyone has to turn to make some great comments about the outfits both looked some..
Congratulation
Great slippers, very comfortable. I love the fact that the front is open in case I just got a pedicle.  And the black ones are perfect because they don't show dirt like the white ones
The product is in good condition when it was shipped. The quality is good. Thank you.
He had been looking for weeks for a wallet card holder that would hold at least 20 cards.  His fit the bill to a the
By husband wears these as his work boots in the kitchen, we had to add some involves for more comfort but they are holding up well and he really likes the
Rude, this is the classic shoe.  Well, not THE classic shoe, but it's versatile and it looks good with jeans.  It's a good alternative to a pair of Human, it's good in the rain.  I guess you can play indoor soccer with it.  But, it's just a good all-around shoe and it being cheap is irrelevant
Fig for the size advertised, not fitting as snugly for pear shaped gas. Hoped it would shrink, since I'm a perfect 6, and it didn't. Disappointed
I purchased this 4 piece outfit for my grandson for Christmas.  I loved the "Ulcer Mud" hat that it came with.  I wasn't sure how it would be, but when my daughter-in-law saw it, she immediately called me to tell how adorable it was and that the quality was surprising good.  I recent received pictures of him in it, and it looks so cut on him.  They live where the weather is cold, so its a great outfit for him to wear daytime
the climax-like ten really works.  i used this short at the grm and to play basketball and feel really great and comfortable, especially if you sweet a lot. i would buy another pair
These glove liners are the best.  I have cortex gloves but with these liners my hands stay extra warm.  Plus, if it's cool outside but not cool enough for heavy gloves, these work great all by themselves
Ought one for my new upon naso, a total disappointment. Very poorly made. Only glued together not stitched up,It already started to go apart. You won't be able to connect your heads because the hole below the case is a bit too small.  Plus there is no belt clip or anything attacheable to one's self when walking or working out.  It looks pretty but that is all
I never received this item when I was promised it, so it was canceled and my account was created
Test boots for wearing out in the rain.  It's fun to get wet in these as they go with so many things.  Very unique as I have not seen any like them in stores
Great Shoe if you need to be on your feet.  I compete in BBQ competition and you are on your feet many, many hours.  These shoes worked better than any others I've tried.  I usually change my shoes two or three times during a two day event.  I didn't need to change at all wearing these
The skin is fine and all the extra were nice. The one thing I really needed was a good elastic band for the arm. His product does not have a good elastic band. It's too thin and not unable enough
tennis shoe I have ever worn.  Mute too!  True to size.  I would definite buy these again
Purchased this for my grandson.  Made well -- nice embroidery.  Have it to him for Christmas.  He hasn't been seen without it since
A good master piece having a lot of embroidery and at a reasonable price
I am not a fan of my underwear holding up my but or my hips. I am a fan of not feeling my underwear at all. These are perfect. They do not show under even the finest fabric. I bought some last year and am back for more! I've thrown out all of my other underwear
Corn changed the sole of the slipper from a flat comfortable sole to an uncomfortable, rubber, poor traction giving and painful sole.  I rather have cold feet then wear this slipper
I ordered these a few days ago and I must say that I love these. I wanted the tell color but they were not available in my size-7 1/2 med. Although the heels are about 4 inches high, they are come. You can't expect to walk miles in these shoes but if you take regular breaks, then, yes. It will add pizzazz to any dress and will make your legs look longer. I looked so much taller than my 5.4" that I love to look at myself. I received many compliments too.

The only thing I didn't like is that Amazon displays some shoes that are not in stock at all. Why not wait for the stock and then display??? Least we get to know that they are available !!!!!
By first pregnancy I tried several style of belts, most of which had a wide band in back. I am short, have a short midwife, and am overnight, so wider belts would roll from the top down.  I never had that problem with this belt.  Unfortunately, this pregnancy I am entering my rd trimester and have finally out grown the Of belt, and the store I purchased it from is now closed.  I was thrilled when I found this on Amazon.com in a larger size.  

I recommend making it little snug in the mornings and then loosening it throughout the day as needed.  The most appealing feature for me is that this band is completely adjustable to give you the support you need for the different activities you will be doing throughout the day.  Any time you start needing the extra support, just slightly tighten the side straps.  When you start relaxing or if the belt starts feeling a little tight, just loose it up a bit.  It's quick and easy to work with, and if one side needs more support than the other, just make that one side a bit more snug.  It's AWESOME!

I am a technology education specialist, so I'm on my feet for, many times, 16 his a day training and supporting hospitals with their new computer programs.  I couldn't have survived even my First Trimester without this belt.  I raise it a little higher in the back so that I have complete lower back support and belly support.  There were days when I forgot to wear my belt that I almost couldn't walk after only 4 his of work due to lower back pain that would eventually extend down to my fanny and legs.  By legs would literally give out from underneath me until I could rub and relax my lower back for a while.  When you are working with doctors in the surgery room or doing rounds with them this is NOT a good thing.  Is long as I wore my belt, I NEVER had a problem.  

I strongly recommend this product
These shoes make my feet look so tiny but they are so cut!  I wore them with jeans and will wear them with a pencil skirt next week. Burns out Jessica makes pretty good shoes.........CUTE!!!
These glasses are great to have!!!! It a good price too. I gave it a four because I found the lenses to be just slightly dirty but I cleaned it up!!!!1 they are great to walk around with!! Especially for style!!!!!! Received within a matter of days. Of it was still 50 dollars, I would've never took the chance. But at the price shown, I did and was satisfied. 

Of you like cool looking, not too expensive glasses like these, just check out the Fashion Metal Sunglass with Spring Tinge - 5715!!!!!!! they'd be cool to buy along with these glasses because of their great appeal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

They are really cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The shoes arrived in a fifty and were all that I'd hoped they would be ... a little wider than those of my youth (because that's the way I'd ordered them), still lightweight and comfortable, and with solid arch support.  They're good walker without being bulky.  They're trim summer oxford that don't overpowered the look of an outfit.  I got a stony-beach stuff on one toe, so I washed it. It washed and dried nicely, but the toe isn't printing anymore, so, I guess I'll polish these speaks just as I did in the 'was.
Shoes are beautiful!!!A little stiff for the first few hours, but the Brazilian leather breaks-in easily and they are COMFORTABLE!!!Price was WAAAAY below MSRP...but for last season's shoe--the price was fair to low.  The AMAZON folks have GREAT integrity--feel safe with your purchase and personal into
By son wrapped his right away trying to put it on his pp & he said it was hard to get to the buttons to play
Fleecy happiness has
made my toes content
with life
Very nice looking suit for a great price.  An't beat this deal
I love Larks. They are the best fitting shoes I have ever worn. They
never hurt my feet and I have to be careful with me feet because I am
a diabetic. You can't go wrong with Larks. I try to buy my Larks on
Amazon because I can get such good prices
I bought these for warmth. While they feel good, my feet are still a little cool when it gets below 30 degrees.  Also, after first gentle hand wash, they got a little "happy"
I love these short.  They look great, wear well, and make me look good
I bought the boysenberry 7.Of and I am loving it. It is comfortable, stylish and simply lovely. The boysenberry is a beautiful, rich colour. By only disappointment is that it is not a higher heel and not leather. However I still love it.
of YOU PURCHASE THIS SLIPPER FOR YOUR MAN, of WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER.  THEY NOT ONLY LOOK GREAT AND VERY EXPENSIVE, THEY ARE SUPER COMFORTABLE AND of ABSOLUTELY LOVES WEARING THEM.  THEY LOOK GOOD ENOUGH of WEAR of THE SUPERMARKET.  BARBRA WILLI
I was skeptically about needing liking short specially since I bike a mere ten miles a day.  But on the advice of some "baker dukes" I gave in.  Thank goodness for that.  These short are extremely comfortable, breathable, and do not bunch up to cause discomfort.  I was surprised.  The get stuff is of but I would not buy the product specifically for the get adding.  After a while your butt gets used to the saddle anyway.  However, for the fit, breathability, and comfort alone these short are worth every penny.  Excellent product.
Mornings used to be filled with the cries of my daughter rolling around on the floor flinging socks and demanding to wear lip-flaps in the middle of winter.
When I found the TicTacToe Fearless Toe Locks.
These are great for kiss who are sensitive about toe seams.
Good quality product. Good value.
And best of all my mornings are now peaceful and filled with smiles!
I used to wear these when I was a deep sea river in the navy
back in 77-81. He ran ask (6.2 mi) everyday. I went through 2 pair back in the day. These shoes feel like a custom leather glove once they're broken in and look very cool w straight leg jeans. They carried me all over the back alleys of Europe. ;-) An't believe they are making them available. Word to the wise. Line just arrived. To up a half size
These are comfortable slippers that -- with composite soles -- can take you out on the deck, to the front steps or even your driveway to pick up the morning newspaper. Your feet will stay warm but not uncomfortable so. They're even nice to wear when temps are a little higher because the clot design fits loosely at the heal so you can let your feet "breath" a little fresh air. Vice value for the price
I'm glad I purchased these locks 3+ years ago.  I have used them on 5 trips and they have remained intact.  I have a strong feeling that at some point, TSA did clock my luggage and then locked it back up because a few of the locks have scratches near the keyhole.  Additionally, since I have red locks, I can identify my luggage quickly at baggage claim
Love them!  Very comfortable and nice quality.  I can wear them with anything.  I would definitely recommend them
I made pockets and sewed them on and I embroidered designs on the pockets and on the bags. The fabric is easy to work with and the bags are great for reliable shopping bags or taking stuff to the grm or the beach. I'd buy them again. The shipping was kind of high and I was charged for each bag, even though they all came from the same manufacturer
These shoes was good only for an indoor activity. I returned them to the seller because I bought them as a summer shoes
Larks scandals are super comfortable, so comfortable I purchased two pairs and came back and purchased a pair of their clots.  Larks shoes fit well and they carry larger sizes which I really appreciate.  Good price for great shoes
By wife and I ought this bag for our little girl. It came in a perfect state, and we recommend you to buy it..
I was so thrilled to find these bandages on Amazon for my daughters and birthday.  They were a wonderful addition to our backward by theme!  And, they arrived in plenty of time
I love the color and the flexibility of the material. It doesn't slip out of your hand and the cover gives full protection
These are the second pair of Fossil sunglasses I have owned.  The first were great, and these seem to be of the same quality.  You definitely get your money's worth with any Fossil product! They have the look and feel of much more expensive glasses at a fraction of the cost
I bought these to wear with parts only for work.  The color and style is great.  Pretty comfortable shoes, but it doesn't really have good ventilator (no air for your feet to breathe).  :-
ordering was easy, arrived in 4 days, gloves fit, well and good quality, good buy,recommend  to purchase
His shirt looks so nice on my baby (blue)!  Definitely my favorite shirt.  His company has parts and socks that match
I get compliments on these shoes all the time, which is a bonus since I bought them to be comfortable. I walk allowed UMASS-Amherst camps in these and feel that my feet and back are well-supported. In fact, these shoes look even better when they're a little stuffed up. Definitely worth the money
I never received this order and they have not responded to email regarding order status. His left me without gifts for co workers over the holidays ...I am out the money
Is previously described, the sensation in your skin is great but I would not use them to go to work. I only use them at home and they really feel nice. I will probably order a couple more. It's also works great as panama short
Wonderful!  I feel like I'm walking on a cloud. Plus they keep my feet warm
The fabric in these slack allow you to sit for hours and then stand knowing your slack look neat and freshly pressed. They wash beautifully and require little or no droning. By husband wishes all of his slack wore this well. The hidden elastic makes the slack just as comfortable when you are sitting down or bending down as they are when you are standing.
Frankly I wish I could find slack for women that were this well made especially at the price Bazaar offers.
Agar has done a terrific job again
I ordered 3 different coin purses from Vie. All are gorgeous! 
They are small, but I wanted them that way. The quality is fantastic. To one would EVER guess how little you paid for them.
**UPDATE**
I BOUGHT THIS PURSE WHEN of WAS CLEARANCED of $3.99 THERE of of WAY of of WORTH OVER $5
I love these Cross!  They are much more comfortable than the original style, and I like the two tone color comb.  I wear them even in the winter
Excellent socks.  Feel like a foot massage!  Only thing...after two wishes there was a small hole by my big toe.  I sewed it up and expect it will stay
I purchased these boots because I have another  pair of Aerosoles, that I've been wearing for almost 3 years that are of comfortable. The heel is a bit high for me, which makes my food slide down to the front (maybe they run a little big)? I do get a bunch of compliments on these shoes though. Overall, I am not disappointed.
I really like these parts! They're comfortable, and they minimize less-than-appealing body characteristics.

For a size reference, I'm a high 8, low 10. The medium size fits me very snugly and was a little tough to get over the hips--but once on they are pretty comfortable.

To, the medium is about a regular size 8
I wish it would snow, already!!  These are nice they seem to run a had big so if your an in between like me then go with the smaller.  Seem like they are good quality and hope to be able to put them to the test soon
the leather wrist cuff is exactly what I wanted and it is exactly what it looked like on line Very Please
I have four children.  I have bought multiple pairs of these scandals for each of them.  I had one pair that actually made it through three children.  They are so great because they do not slip off like lip flaps and give better support, yet they are waterproof and comfortable for them.  For our home they are a must have for each of the children
The socks were nice but cost too much .  Price a little unreasonable
There is no reason to buy over-prices, fancy-schmansy slippers when you're sitting in your favorite decline, watching your favorite television show!  These are the perfect slippers to complement your comfort.  They keep your feet warm and provide a soft, cushion sole for those moments when you have to get up and refill your drink or get more snacks from the fridge.  I love my Corn Men's Ventured Of Slipper with blue checked, and you will too.  I promise, you won't be disappointed.  But be careful, they are just the right size for your dog to sink his teeth into
I have worn Arizona Works for years.  I have Planters Fascitiis and the arch support in these scandals is just what I need.  I wear them daily.  His is one of the best products for my condition, aside from the obvious benefit of wearing scandals
Great bar even with t-shirts. More natural looking than lots of suited brass. Little bit of a pain to wash, but most are as far as I can tell
for the price, i think they are very good. and i had great, quick service. i haven't washed them yet, but i expect them to fade. i'm rather tall, so the 34" instead is just about perfect, so i'll have to see if they shrink before i buy another pair
I buy these wherever I can find them.  It's a bit of a tribute to my aunt, for her middle name, but wish I could find them more frequently.
After reading several reviews had my doubts, but well when they arrived (quickly and in one piece) I was pleasantly surprised.  I enjoy them! Not great compliments and would buy them again.
Over the years, I've purchased more winter jackets, plover waters & turtlenecks from And's And than I can keep track of.  To matter what you buy with their label on it, you can be sure it is nothing less than the very best.  Their clothes in particular never go out of style, plus they really do last a long time.  Of you have anyone on your holiday shopping list that really appreciated top quality products, then you can't go wrong with buying from And's And.  Very highly recommended
Did business in the past with them and will do so in the future
The material and fit is perfect.  I try to stay away from underwires due to discomfort but this one is great
I'll have to agree with the two previous reviews. His is a GREAT staples. I've never worn one that stayed in place so well or that was so comfortable. I wore it for the first time dancing and no tugging whatsoever! I'm very pleased
Went for a 3 day like in October. Ended up with wet feet. But these socks were great, they soaked up the water out of my boots as I was wearing them. Thick and comfortable.
I got this bar thinking it would be great for vigorous sports and my 38DDD chest.  Think again.  To for the the ENELL sports bar.  I bought a size 3 and it is perfect.  To bounce whatsoever!!!  I was amazed.... don't bother with this one
Sta tend es may rapid en contest y envied el products adquirido.
Is toy may contents con el products que acquire for que es exactamente lo que deseaba.
On't waste your hard earned dinner on this one.... I like to consider myself very athletic and well endowed. His bar doesn't absorb any shock, so to speak. It's a gimick. Also, I have had this contraction for a ll' over a month, and it's already lipping. I actually avoid this particular sports bar at all costs...  Must my 2 cents..
I would have loved it if they sent it, but after over 2 weeks of telling me that it was in stock & on it's way, the company fussed up that they were out of the color that I chose. The other color that they wanted to sub. looked pretty bad so I canceled
You can't beat this shoe for comfort, but they're definitely outer in the picture.  I thought they made my feet appear extra long and the heel didn't quite seem to fit the shoe.  I returned them.
Very ordinary robe compared to picture and description. Of plush means thick material this is not. It is low quality thin material with a warning to wash in cold.Any merry robe I have had before was thicker and better made--Years, J.C. Penny.Does not look unable
These are quality shirts.  They don't need droning, can be dried in the dwyer, and last a very long time.  I highly recommend them!  
P.S.  Of you remove the Rockies label from the bottom of the shirt, a woman can use them as overshirts.  I put them over a tank top, leave them unbuttoned and use them for casual wear.  They look great!
Summit Fashions has great merchandise.  I ordered this outfit and it fits and looks great.  I plan to buy from this company again in the future and I urge you to do the same!  Also, Summit Fashions has the greatest customer service EVER
I bought these for my hobby's birthday, not sure if he would surrender the pair he had been wearing for about 5 years.  He agreed to try them and after the first day, he was glad to toss the old ones.  He highly recommend Staheekum Men's Of Sheepskin Slippers. I'm sure they will always be a favorite in our home.
Used the jump rope maybe 3-4 times and the handle broke off, you would expect a quality jump rope for the price but don't count on it. When again it could have just been mine
I wanted these boots when they first came out in the fall, but I refused to pay $159 for them. By mon loves wedge heeled  boots, so lucky I found them here for $45 of. I purchased a pair for myself and my mon. After wearing them my mon had to have all of the colors in the line. Unfortunately, I was not so luck to find them again for that price, but I purchased them  for $89. I still love them they are worth every penny and you can wear them all day. They work with any outfit. Good job  to Aerosoles!!
i too have been searching for the party in the picture.
i ordered 3 of these and the main difference is the amount of fabric at the highest part of the leg.  there should only be a 1/2 inch of fabric, but there is more like 3 inches...but!  ; b
has anyone been able to locate the parties that are pictured?  (the ones that we all seem to love and want)?
please email me personally if u have found them!
sherman@yakov.co
I received my shipment, yesterday, I ABSOLUTLEY Love the product, I don't understand how I haven't found such an item, for all these years!!!!!!!!!!!!  The fabric is soft, the fit, athletic, room enough for working out, nice cropped length, I LOVE it!!!!!!!! Must wanted to share my joy with you, thanks again
bought this bag a month ago. Carried a lawton everyday... i dont remember snuffing it with more load, already few stitches are coming out... and just hoping that this bag will last for least 6-months... i liked the bag though... :
this a totally awesome fitting bar, even better for the fuller figure.

I am a 36 of, love this bar, no poking and digging of the unerwires.

Great everyday bar.  His and CHAMPION  every day sport bar, these are my all time favorites.

By body has changed a bit, I think all women change through the years, so it's really important to try different style of brass, for me this one and CHAMPION  work the best. 

Ali brass have always been my very favorite anyway.

I am not sure I think Ali makes the CHAMPION BRA

Thank
I gave these dooties as a Christmas gift to my sister.  The loved them.  He both really like the chinchilla lining; it's so soft and warm.  I would recommend this product to others.  I have given other style of Corn slippers to friends and family.  I also have a pair of Corn slippers.  I love them
Uncomfortable! Door quality! Had Customer Service! Vice box/advertising!
I purchased 3 of these (different colors), never having owned this brand.   I purchased from another online retailer, not Amazon.  One had a tag that read "Medium" which didn't match the size on the box or the size ordered, which was "Large".  Upon calling the online retailer all of their stock in the color "gray" was the same situation.  Returned it and received a replacement pair, size "Large", which was significantly bigger than either of the other 2 pair which were supposed to be size "Large".  I called C-in to express my dissatisfaction with the initial stock mix-up of all gray pair, received no response. 
Lastly, the "sling" advertised, sounds better in theory than it is.  After a couple of minutes the sling gets uncomfortable, feels like a paper cut
The name doesn't lie: it feels like you're wearing next to nothing!  The fabric feels so good on the skin it is incredible.  Once you get moving you'll forget you even have them on!  His is how all boxer briefs should be.  It fits right to your body and the only fabric between the front and back is what's needed to hold your stuff
I (and my boyfriend :) enjoy this lovely little chemise. However I wish the thing didn't tie together..it's a little difficult putting it on. Over all very good!
Love the product, Excellent Quality! size was too big will order a smaller size
I'm very satisfied with this purchase. The jeans are great quality for the price. However, it was not stated that they would be the (very)long length that they were. I had to alter them, which was an inconvenience
I was looking for a good quality pair of shoes with leather soles.  Weather sole shoes are getting harder and harder to find in stores.  The Bostonian line of shoes at Amazon.com filled the bill for me.  They are excellent quality at an unfordable price
After one washing, the letters were all rolled up. I was able to pull the rest of it off and now it is just a grey ones. The quality of the graphics was horrible
I managed to ruin my feet into plantar facilities for a time, and these really helped the healing.

Blessings to Amazon!   I love you
Well made and comfortable.  Rockports seem to run about half a size small though so I would recommend ordering a half size large than normal especially if you intend to wear the  shoes with socks.
By son love these shoes, I have to stop him from wearing them so much, I just wish they came in other colour
I have been wearing these slippers, everyday, for 3 years!  They are a blessing for my cold feet!  Not to mention the disability.  I just now realized the sole was broken almost in 1/2 from years of use.  I was frantic when I looked and looked and could not find them.  

Today is my lucky day, I just ordered my second pair
I really like this wallet.  There really is not a whole lot you can say about a wallet.  It has clot of room and it is very nice
Picture does not make justice for this Means. I am a size 26 but i got this Means in a size 25 and they fit perfect. Means struggle the first time you wear them, but they "lose" softly while you are wearing them, giving you a look of a sex relaxed Means that sits on the hips and very flattering on your "back view", without being struggle, They are FLARED not bootcut, VERY long instead but that makes the Means absolutely HIP, but very class, Gorgeous for long legs, skinny look. Love It !!!
Thanks for the shoes.  they came very quickly and I like them a lot.  I got my street shoe size and they fit fine.
Great add on purchase for any costume or special evening without having to pay kept. store pricking. Will buy more
The scandal web site offers a variety of colors, however, each color sample cannot be accessed.  I chose "rose" and, when the shoes arrived, the color was Shocking Pink.  While the scandals are well-constructed and attractive, I had to return my order.  Take sure you know exactly the color shoes you are getting.
These socks are advertised as fearless toe socks. They are very thin and they of have a very uncomfortable seat in the toe. Not only does the seat press into the toe, but you can feel the inner seat of the shoe itself. Terrible product
I was a little apprehensive about ordering these because of the previous review but, I am glad I did!  I love these shoes and how tall they make me.  They are a little county but, that is the style of the shoe.
His is a great deal, don't buy them separately.  While incredible, like other players the Toshiba Gigabeat S30 has a short battery life.  With this package, you'll never have to worry about that.  Similarly, you will be able to enjoy the player, at work, the grm and your vehicle.  Well worth the price! Purchase and enjoy
Great nursing of's, the fabric was so soft and great quality! I love the
I LOVE THEM THEY ARE of SEXY .I HAVE THE TAN AND THE BLACK AND of THEY GET MORE COLORS I WILL BUY THEM TOO.THANKS TERR
I was very pleased with this item, it was exactly as it appeared on webster, and even though I picked a light color, they have held up well to dirt.  By only disappointment was the lack of adding inside the shoe.  I expected a little more, but they are still come, none the less
Ought 2 of these (blue and pink) for twins recently born in our family.  They were of good quality and of cut! The parents loved the gift.And, I loved that  didn't have to go shopping thou stores, and got a GREAT bargain from the comfort of my chair!  Amazon rocks
These t-shirts fit on the small side, for women (not Unions) but are soft, comfortable, and well made.  I have bought 4
..all over the neighbourhood.  now we're getting divorced and it's all YOUR FAULT Pale Power Sheer Long Long!  i hate you
Excellent quality cover which will protect my child PSP
I have these in an and am waiting for spring so I can use them !  Mute, come and low prices.  That more could you want? I think they run true to size
These are fantastic shoes for a 2 year old. They are easy on and off, making the little one feel they have accomplished a "big kid" limestone. They give lots of room for those chubby little toller feet, and are perfect for the beach, playing in the mud... anywhere really and even look great with cut little short sets. They allow air circulation around the foot as well. Of for no other reason these are perfect shoes to let kiss be kiss in. You won't have to worry what they are walking through or playing in, these shoes wash up as easily as your kiss do
The quality of the material was better than I expected.  The color was a usually pleasing tone different than anticipated. I appreciate the cut of the design.
I love all other Cross style, but was very disappointed in the Prima.  They are too slim, and look odd and stretched out on me.  They also tend to slip off in the back as I walk, yet the other style fit me perfectly.  Great idea, but they should have worked on it more.  I can't wear these outside the house
The presentation of the product is clear and attractive and the product is unable, comfortable and goodlooking
His non dress sock is the most comfortable of any that I have owned. It stretches to a very desirable fit on the leg. It is one of the great dress socks especially when new.
His is a very heavy duty merry cloth robe.  I purchased it for my husband for Christmas.  He absolutely loves it.  I went to several department stores before Christmas and couldn't find the right texture.  His is a great value and a unable robe.  Enjoy!
His gown is well made, with no defects.  While some ladies may find the gown to their liking, the stretch lace material of the bodice was irritating to my skin and the ivory color was FAR more see-thou than I desired
These socks are really thick, and well made. The color never fades and they don't ball up when washed like cheaper socks do. They last as long as your child fits in them, even longer. These are wonderful for wearing parts or dresses. Very well made, and worth the price
His is a nice warm hat. Of you're not used to cashier, you should be
The warmest, most  lasting, and  most  comfortable men's sock  on  the  market!  Excellent  Price $$
THIS of A VERY GOOD PRODUCT. of ARRIVED BEFORE CHRISTMAS. THE RECIPENT WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THE GIFT
The purse is great, I love the color and size.  It's not the best quality, though. The inside pocket nipper broke within the first week of owning it and the front seams had threads falling out for about a month. Of those tiny details never happened, this would be a perfect purse
First off, I am not a kid, it is just easier to write this way...

His piece of Zeppelin, is a "Mintage" style T shirt from "1977". His should be the first shirt a Zeppelin fan busy. But if you have a Not Topic store near you, you should get it there, it is 2 dollars cheaper, $18.00. 

Took for my other classic rock reviews! 

Lock In,
-wiseman 69
Very stylish comfortable shoe. I bought 3 pair and love them all
I have been trying to publish a Wikipedia article about this particular brand and cut of male underpanty, but after several rejection I am forced to come ...here.

It any rate, I find this underwear very stylish and I have the unanimous approval of any fortunate enough to see me donning them, male or female. 

By problem with them is that they wear out too quickly. Granted, I alternate between only two pairs. They breathe rather well but after 6 months or so they are A) rather dingy B) have running seams C) both. When I wear them I have the confidence that I could drop my parts in front of anyone without embarrassment. Sometimes, while waiting for someone to come over, I make a point to put my parts on last. I enjoy walking outside to get the mail in them, and generally walking the line between unity and clothedness, a joy any fellow metrosexual surely shares.

In conclusion, they are the best cut I have found (and I have searched the universe, so to speak). They have helped me "close the deal" several times, because they are simply gorgeous. They could be less expensive, if you ask me.
Who would ever wear this monstrosity? First of all you got no color, no adding, no pazazz! His shirt makes the garage bag I wear look like a royal tunic. It is also from a company called Jerzees and it's not a jersey? That up with that? Michael Jordan is probably spinning in his grave
I love my Sick of-2120.  That a difference it makes to have the right shoes to run, no more knee pain.  I actually went to a local store and had a running test done and tried on different shoes and this were the best.  Great arch support
These boots are both comfortable and provide good ankle support. Unlike some boots with toe protection, the toes are not cramped by the toe cap. Side zip allows the wearer to put the boots on quickly, while faces permit adjustment when needed. Good looking boot, and with parts-over can be worn to town. Very lightweight, but appears to be solid Converse quality
The handmade beaded sandbag is very well made and I received this item is a very timely manner. I would recommend this seller
I just got these and love them.  By only complaint is that they pinch/are a little narrow, even though I don't have wide feet or regularly wear wide shoes.  The dark red color is a little deeper than the picture, but that is a good thing if you want to wear these in both winter and summer.  Of you're donna buy red shoes or any other colors available, these are a great choice
I've put a lot of miles in these shoes. In fact, I've been using them for four months. I've ran a full (actually ultra marathon (27.2- did the Lakeshore)) marathon in them. 

They are so comfortable and light. Policy built. The heel back part of the shoe feels like cellar. The sole is extremely padded. The shoe fits like a glove around my feet. It's unlike the New Balance shoes where you're resting on your toes. 

I used to be a Balcony man but the Balcony shoes would feel fleshy after putting some miles in them. With the Kayanos, after maybe a couple hundred of miles, they're still in tip top shape. I think they could go for another thousand more. 

Sons- the price is a little of a reach but I figured it was a worthy investment because of my marathon running. I feel the sole could use a little more traction on wet surfaces.
West prices for this item online. Great merchant with fast delivery and daring customer service. Will be buying lots of these
I love these shoes. By daughter has really narrow feet and they fit her just right with the velcro straps at the ankle and by her little toes!
They hold up really well, and don't even stink after a summer of fun and winter days at the beach!
Of there is a power shortage, or any other type of emergency, this is better than a flashlight, because it can be lifted off of it's base and carried to any location you want to light. I have put one in every closet, and they have been very helpful in locating clothes in dark places
His is a well made shirt! It fits kind of funny though. You know, one of those shirts that's wide, but short. The material is very unable, and it doesn't shrink when washed. Green and brown is so popular right now, better get one before they go out of stock
The walking shoe is made for just that - walking.  There's less arch support than I had hoped for, but it's still an excellent shoe.  I do clot of treadmill walking in the winter, and it's very come and fits very well.  

When I need to run, I use my running shoes for that.  I try and keep my athletic shoes separate from the "speakers" that I use to run around town in.
His is a nice gazed.  It's not the cheap $50 job that breaks the first time you try to use it.  Consists of three pieces: 1) the frame that folds out like a huge according deal, 2) the non (like tent fabric) top that fits snugly on with velcro straps, 3) the case. Takes maybe five minutes to set up, if you're slow. Was three height settings, and you can stake it into the ground too, if you are on grass. It has feet that enable it to be fastened to a wood deck too, if necessary.  Comes with a nice black case with wheels and easy-to-carry candles.  It's a little difficult to get the fabric folded up and packed into the case, though.  Other than that, it's perfect.  It's a buy.
I really like the shoes, they are very cut.  The only downside is the velcro.  The velcro is thin so after shoe is worn for awhile the strap starts losing its stockings
Must what I was looking for.  Like everyone else I was skeptically, but decided to take a chance and was not disappointed.  I'm 5'11 and 175lbs.  I purchased a Large and it fits me perfectly.

The only negative I have is that the nipper is not as easy to hook together.  and when lipping its not as smooth as I like.  But 95% of the time I leave the jacket snipped
I ordered 5 of these dresses for my bridesmaids. Two of them were too big for the girls so I sent them in for smaller sizes. Not only was the exchange free, but the new dresses arrived within a couple of days! Now, all of my bridesmaids have dresses that fit perfectly and look beautiful! I would definitely order from GoJane again
The shoes have sparkles all over and don't serve my purpose. I ordered them to use them for work but returned them because of the sparkle. A nice shoe to use during the night
I bought these for my younger than three month old son, he didn't even move around clot and in the morning the fabric that the snap are attached to would be gripped off from the shirt.  I ended up having to throw them all away or keep sewing them back together.

I do not suggest that anyone buy these
these tags are so cut......plus they are extra large and combined with the bright colors, your luggage will really stand out!!  I have black luggage and these tags work really well for me, plus the price is hard to beat for getting an oversized tag, with so many great colors to choose from.  I also recommend giving as a gift, something people might need but wouldn't necessarily think to ask for, and you will not find these in a store
I have to agree with a previous reviewed - buy one size larger. Very good looking shoes, but not designed with comfort in mind
I ordered a small, it is huge and has shoulder pads that are on my elbow
this blanket is the coolest it makes my room look ten times better
By son needed a new jacket for shop class.  He immediately decided that a Carharrt or similar jacket would be best.  He ordered one through Amazon because they carried my son's size (men's small), which is very difficult to find. They also carried a color that he wanted (grey).  All I can say is that, since it arrived, he has worn it everyday.  It now appropriately and proudly bears oil and various other stains. It is made very well and should last for quite a long time.  He may need to purchase a different one made for warmer weather in a month or two
The ear farmers arrived on time and the kiss love them.  They keep there ears nice and warm
I purchased this item for my daughter for Christmas and was very pleased. It shipped on time and had it not been for the big blizzard in of at Christmas time, she would have had it in plenty of time. The loves the Jersey, too - good quality and looks just like the "authentic" jersey for much more money
His is the great suitcase.  I have never owned one like it.  And the yellow definitely stands out at the airport, I can find my luggage fas
GOOD LOOKING KICKS of YOUR KICKIN of OLD SCHOOL LIKE of. AND COMFORTABLE. AND RELATIVELY CHEAP. I'of ALWAYS KEEP A PAIR of STAN SMITH'S AROUND FOR WEEKENDS
Besides the service or quality of the product, the service of the provider it's great, due that for some reason the first attempt of sending it fails, so the provider send me an e-mail to confirm if I received the item, as soon as I let him know that I didn't, he do not wait for anything and he sent another one immediately, so I appreciate his gesture and professionalism. 

Thank you
I am very difficult to fit.  The material used in this bar is very soft; however, the fit is not very comfortable.  It is probably just me.  I would say the product is great
Very nice light palpable and quick drying short. Add your own belt and unlike other Columbia short you can carry a knife, a cell phone, a PDA , wallet, and change and they still stay up. Also pockets don't say down below the leg if you keep you change or PDA in them another Columbia problem.

Nicely made very functional short
I really like the Speed suit.  I wear two swim suits, the Speed and a larger "drag" suit over it.  I've done this since my days on the swim team.  The chlorine in the water tends to weaken the seams on my suit over time, causing the drag suit to self-district eventually.  Having the Speed prevents any embarrassing moments.  The fit and material is good and it holds up very well - this is the first replacement I've needed in years.  

Of you are husky, this might be a tight fit.  I wear a 42-44 part size and this is on the snug side.
These brass are great value.  I find them comfortable and suppurative.  They are also easy to open with one hand.
These parts are fine if you have a very short rise, but I can't imagine that they would fit most people. I will be returning my order
bought this for my granular happy due been nephew..he loves it..the stick figure is cut, it was paid. well and came super fast...bought from this company twice actually they are great
I suggest getting a size smaller than usual, as the seizing on this pool runs big.  Also, the new red looks rather pink-is
For the price, this product should receive the Cruciatus Nurse ad infinite. The material is all synthesis (I was expecting a wool blend, though the ad said nothing about what the hat and scarf were made of), the relatively loose weave means it will not last as long, and one of the tassel fell off the scarf after just one wearing. I dislike being taken advantage of just so I can make my daughter happy. The is disappointed as well. It was a lot of money to pay to get the Hogwarts crest on a patch that wasn't even fully embroidered. J.K. Howling should be upset that English Woolens, with which this product will be associated by people who are not in the know, will acquire such a poor image because of the greed of the licensing people
VERY CUTE, VERY WARM AND AND SHE LOOKED CUTE of THEM TOO.
I WILL of ORDERING FROM YOU AGAIN REAL SOON...

THANK
ahhhhhh such warmth and beauty! Now 
wonderful to find something different to say, think, and feel in this think, fit, and feel.  May to all us 'chips'.
Met us allow the wind to caress our hair and skin, as well as to feel the breathe of the Godesses in all Her Exhuberance purify, consecrated, and sing through our voices.....as if The opens a beacon of compassion with each exchange of sacred air that conspired to open the gates to another world of of wonder and love.

Or. Less
These parts are soft, fit to a T, and did not shrink when washed. Took good too
I am delighted with my new Works.  They are the same excellent quality as any Birkenstocks and cost considerably less.  Whenever I need new ones (every 7 years!)I will get again get them through Amazon. I am on a small fixed income. That a deal! Thanks.
I had a neck of a time trying to find a bar that would not slip off my shoulders, and would support my breast. His one did both.  His bar supports me better than my sports bar and it gives a beautiful shape to the bustling.  I was looking for a well rounded shape not conical or ski slope. The key is to get a proper fit.  I went from a 38C to a 34DD not that my sized changed just getting a well fitted bar.  Of you can pull the band more than an inch from your body, you are wearing the wrong bar size.  It is supposed to be snug to hold everything in place.  It takes a little getting used to wearing something that tight, but I don't bounce, jingle or pull up falling bar straps anymore.  I bought two in September 05 and went back and purchased 3 more in October 05, and when these wear out I will purchase the exact same thing.  I hand wash (or machine wash on delicate) after each wearing with a lingered soap, and line dry.  They still look band new.  I was a little concerned with that witty-witty plastic front closure bursting, with the band being so snug, but they are still holding "it all" together. I was also concerned about the sheer fabric lasting but I haven't had any tears, lips, runs or poker through any of them yet
this was a present 4 my boyfriend 4 was which he really love
Overall these shoes fit fairly well, are stylish in appearance, and the price is right. The only concern I have is that they seem to run a little short in length (odd for of). I have been buying of shoes for as long as I can remember, and this is the first time my toes were obviously at the very end of the toe box. They look good though, and provide the great arch support New Balance is famous for.

It's always a good idea to try on shoes before you buy them, but the online price is so seductive, it's difficult to pass up the "deal". Of possible, try to find some at your local shoe store before you purchase these, as the pictures don't show you all angles of this shoe, and parts of the trim are (in my opinion) "good" looking.

Overall, I'd recommend these shoes for walking/logging/going to the grm. Of you want some serious running shoes, spring for the higher-end Sick, of's, Balcony's, etc.
Very stylish, this fashion is spreading at the moment. 
On't forget to check the seizing chart first before you buy it. It's important. Fool cap
the price for the bundle is the best part of the whole thing. [...] doesn carry these products. they sell an adapted and then a us cord. which is what apple does for their goods and is a rip off for money.
i like not having to worry with an annoying adapted when i want to charge my Men. just plug in and walk away, not fiddle with the adapted to make sure it is inserted properly.
the case is bit annoying. it catches lint like you wouldn believe. but i'm not getting scratches and I HAVE A KICK STAND! i use that kick stand the most - its actually the main reason i bought this set.
the bundle actually also arrived a few days before the Men actually did, so it was sent FAST.
i love this.
get it
His wallet is almost perfect. Great quality. Thin, carries 3 credit cards + storage for more. A little bit of cash and a receipt or two.

Only thing that could be improved is the width. Seems to me like its wider than it needs to be, which makes sliding into and out of pocket harder than it could be.

Almost perfect, but not quite
The Intend of like fits in the case perfectly.  The LCD protector films are nice but a bit thin.  It's difficult to put them on the screen without tapping air bubbles, even though the bubbles don't seem to affect the view when the LCD is lit.  The net in the game compartment seems too loose and does not hold the games well in place.  The loop on the outside is a nice feature
I love my Silk Bank Tops.  I wear them to work under my dress shirts and the feel is very nice. Such more come than the Panes cotton tanks. The quality is very good for the price. The initial fit was just a had snug, but stretched out just a bit after a couple of wishes/wears and is very comfortable now.  I tried wearing one on a like but i find the colfax type active wear candles sweating much better than silk. But for casual wear, or sleeping at night I love them.
I purchased this bar because I had heard so many good things about it. When I received it, it seemed to have a crease on one of the cups; I figured it would go away once I wore it. It did not. It really did not matter too much any way because the size was to small. I have been wearing the same size for years and this was just too tight. I thought it was too expensive for the haste. I guess this is one of those things you should NOT buy online.
I ordered this Dress on March th. I received an email from the company saying that it would ship by March th. In March with, I receive an email saying that they are out the size I wanted and my order has been canceled. His is unacceptable from a business. I should have been notified by March th that the dress had not been shipped. I have less than 24 hours to find a replacement dress. Thanks clot
He bought two clothes line to Honduras.  His one and the "Sick Sleeves" - this was by far better.  It was longer,  it had suction cups (which actually worked) and little plastic clips on both ends.  I lost one suction cup end but it was fine because I would loop the line around with the use of the clip.  It also was a loose weave so we could use it to hold the items (we didn't bring enough small clothes pins).  It worked great.
Very, practice, comfortable, discrete under clothing.
I had a couple in 98 and I just loved them. I`m glad I found it again
I just which it could still have in color Champagne
I did a great deal of research in choosing a case for my new good. I decided on the skin, and I have been quite satisfied with my decision. I do remember, however, being a bit confused as to just how this case worked. To, to clarify for future buyers, the case is comprise of:

-First, a thin, transparent silicone (rubber) sleeve. The sleeve covers most of the front and back, including a slightly thinner cover where the wheel would be placed. His ensures that the wheel maintains its touch sensitivity while also being protected. The skin does not, however, cover the screen, and a portion of the back is also exposed to attach an optional belt clip. His sleeve can also come in various colors, but I used the clear one to highlight the natural color of my good. 

-Second, a hard, clear plastic front plate can be snapped on to the front of the good once it is placed in the silicone. His hard case does cover the screen, and all of the front of the good, except for a hole for the touch wheel. Once attached, the hard cover is firmly held in place. 

But together, this case provides exceptional protection. The silicone is very thin, yet protects against ordinary kings and scratches. The hard plastic protects the front from impact, and the screen from scratches. The best part for me is that, even with both the silicone and the hard cover, the good Ano still retains its very thin size - the case is not bulky in the least. 

In conclusion, I highly recommend this case for anyone who purchases an good Ano. Protect your investment
I attend you twice a week at the Y.  The classes are held in a room with hardihood floors like you find on a basketball court.  Since I use their mats -- and so do many other bare-looted people whose hygienic may be questionable -- I choose to wear socks.  Also the room is kept very air-conditioned making bear feet uncomfortable for that reason.

I was wearing regular cotton ankle socks at first, but some of our poses result in our standing directly on the floor rather than on the mat.  I found I was nervous about slipping on the sick floor, so I started looking for slipper socks with tread on the bottoms.  Oddly, I couldn't find any except very expensive ones designed for geriatric customers.

When I found these.  I did think they were on the expensive side, which is why only 4 stars.  I do love them though.  They're copy and they help me keep from slipping in class.  Two thumbs up
I'm usually anxious about seizing and comfort when I buy sweatpants but I'm very pleased with this purchase.  I ordered a large and it fits just right and is comfortable during workouts. I've had large sweatpants in the past that looked like they were made for a size 52 waist and eventually had to wear them only around the house for fear of tripping myself if I worked out in them.  I've used the sweats for several months and have no complaint
I HAVE NEVER BEEN INTO FULL RIM HATS. I NEEDED ONE FOR THE WORK AND REST I of of I GAMBLED of THIS. I of VERY HAPPY THAT I DID. of FITS PERFECTLY, AND ALREADY I HAVE BEEN THROUGH A TWENTY DEGREE DIFFERENCE WITH RAIN, AND BEING A GLASSES WEARER, I CAN SAY I of DEFINITELY PLEASED. I RECOMMEND THIS HAT FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR THIS TYPE of PRODUCT FOR ANY REASON
I got the NFL folding tail gate chair to enjoy those times in the park and ball field and especially at draft day for the NLF. waiting on line for hours dressed in your favorite team outfit (To Kings) to show support. and nothing shows it more then relaxing on line sitting in these football folding chairs in your tears color and emblem. it does beat standing for hours or sitting on a cold dirty sidewalk
I must say I was very impressed with this item. I recently wore these silk parts with a smoking jacket on a cruise ship. They were very comfortable; they look and feel wonderful and are worth far more than the price. Another hit! I don't know how these folks do it; but Intima's prices are amazing! I would highly recommend these silk lounge parts
great looking shoes. I bought the gray/shade ones and they look just like in the picture.
The outside is so soft, and the inside fur is long and warm. The pockets kind fold up at times, and since it only has two hook buttons it comes open a lot while carrying stuff, but it's like a chocolate blanket
I was a little resistant to order these as the only size available was 1/2 size below what I usually wear, and other reviews had mentioned true seizing with these boots, such that you shouldn't order half a size larger or smaller, but rather your standard size. These fit great, though, and I've loved them
Great fit. Very warm! It's below zero outside with wind chill favored in and I never feel the need to layer something over this blaine. The hat pulls down tight and stays put when I strap on gorges and pull up a face/neck warmer
Ought these for my 7 year old per his request. The size was right, the style was right and he has been wearing them everyday since. They arrived quicker than anticipated and we are very happy with the purchase
I just got my birkenstocks from shoes.com on amazon and THEY ARE GREAT!! they are 100% authentic ,delivery was fast and nicely package! ,Of you want these clots then buy from [...] because they are the best
Kocher's shoes have always provided a good fit for me since I am between a size 11.5 and 12 most shoes don'r really feel good on my feet. the fit that these shoes provide is perfect for my feet. These shoes are great for work since I tend to walk around a lot during the day at a high school, and they look good
I love these boots!  they are so cut and stylish and they look great with my jeans tucked in.  They will be a great asset this winter for sure with my brown leather coat.  I recommend these boots but they run a size small
I recently bought an extra-small healthy back bag  in black microfiber and am amazed at how much stuff it holds(wallet, cell phone, glasses case, digital camera, address book, etc.)Getting ready to wash it for the first time as the microfiber fabric tends to spot.  Must bought a tape distressed non bag in "small" (which is anything but small) and can't wait to use it. Of you're into high fashion, these bags are probably not for you, but if you need to carry a lot of "stuff" around, it's great
Bandy for those of use that do not want to spend money on another whole bar.  His is much cheaper and very easy to use when we need more length to around our bust
I've bought many pairs of dress black shoes over the years, worn them once, took them off halfway through the evening, then donate them to the Goodwill. Not only are these very flattering, making my size 9 feet look smaller than they are, but feel more comfortable than any dress, strap little shoe I've tried. Haven't worn them for a full night out on the town, will report back if they turn out not to be as comfortable as they are around the house. I've already packed up the rest of my dress scandals to be donate
I have them in red and it's a nice dark red. The size is true, but the leather is really soft so if you are looking for a stiffen shoe this one is not for you.
Product is great, perfect fit and cool style. The package arrived well on time
I purchased these shoes as a Christmas gift for my husband.  He's been wearing it a lot.  He says it's comfortable, and he has not experienced the squeezing from the shoes as some other reviews had pointed out.  I was hoping it has more of a dresser look.  It really looks better with jeans and not as good with kaska's
I love these jeans! They are super stretch and super comfortable. He careful, however, the dye from the jeans can stain white tops. Oh! and the instead really does shrink when washed, so, skin the tailor if you are petite
It was a great Christmas Present. Package great, got here on time, and was surprisingly a better quality than I had expected. Moved it! Thanks
Not really, but they should be.   Very comfortable
These were so gorgeous I bought them in two colors... black and wine. I wear them mostly to work and I've received tons of compliments. I also wanted them in the whiskey too, but that color is $89.99, while the black and wine were $24.99. I hate that Amazon does that... has different colors and sizes at different prices. Also hate when the price changes while an item is in my cart, the price changes
These shirts fit my baby great (he is nine months old and a little tall for his age, but average weight).  The sleeves go all the way to his wrists and he has room to grow.  The cotton is very soft and thick, and I love the colors (I bought the green set).  They are also long on his body, so they don't luck up everytime I pick him up
I ordered these dance shoes for my toller, who loves to dance but has not started lessons yet.  They are a soft, sturdy, well-constructed shoe at a price that is easy to digest.  Having "real dance shoes" has helped to continue that spark of interest in her.  The wears them daily, and they are holding up well.  They also stay on, even with all the twists and turns on both hard floor and carpet.  I would buy these shoes again and recommend them to anyone with the same needs in a shoe
I purchased this jacket at a discount store for $80. I got the sleeve caught on a sharp object and tore a hole in it. I loved that jacket and went all over (store hopping by car and foot)but couldn't find another one in my size and in black. I took a shot at looking for it online - Now - there it was on Amazon for $25. The exact jacket. I love it. The shipping was so fast. The jacket is great quality and fits well. I get so many compliments on it - even from my 18 year old daughter
The stitching on the front of shirt is defective so the shirt folds and stretched out...
I couldn resist these shoes for the price...I've had good experience with Bandolino branded shoes.  I have two other pairs that are stylish and very comfortable.  Sure enough, this pair of boots are very comfortable too!  The color is a great burnished bronze, that is a great neutral color to wear (plus metallic are in fashion again).  The zip-up is easy, and the calf is room.  I'm very happy with them, and would recommend them to anyone who doesn't want to spend 100's of dollars, but wants to get the look and comfort of expensive shoes
His bar was well made, fabric very soft but the sizes were way off. Up is cut to big, it would be difficult to wear a scoop, or v neck top , as the cup covers to much of chest area. Would not buy this brand again or style again, even for $7 each
His is a stylish leather thing from Larks England. I bought it at full price, and thought it was a great value, and now Amazon has it on sale, so it is an even better deal. I selected the "birch" color, which is a wonderful neutral color, but the other colors would be wonderful as well.  Another plus - no breaking in time - this scandal is super-comfortable
The best thing about these slippers is that they keep your feet warm but DRY. I'd take putting my foot into these at the end of a hard day over a foot massage. That's how come they are. They also have great support and nice soles. They're cut, come, sturdy and worth every penny
These were a waste of money.  They were not properly designed to cover ANYTHING, much less my backside, even though I did order what SHOULD have been the right size.  I realize I have a lot to cover, but I ordered a size that was supposed to do the trick.  I've still got a pair in white that I haven't even opened!  And won't!  It would be a waste of energy!
I got about 6 pairs of Old Toe socks.  They're the most comfortable socks I've worn in a long time.  You don't even feel like you have socks on.  They fit well and are made well.  Of your hesitating, no need.  I'm not sorry I bought them
I found the panama set of very nice quality and received them in short order. Thank
I love this shoe! It looks very elegant on the foot and there's a little bit toe cleavage which is always a plus! But make sure to go half a size up. It's a little snug in the front and it takes a couple wears to break it in.
The color is really nice. The size was perfect. The scandals are comfortable
His was outer than the picture and VERY come.  I was extremely pleased
His was a beautiful back pack, just as described and seems well made.  Are kid's school bags ever sturdy enough.  Badly, no.  His is the rd we have been through this year.  He can only hope it lasts the rest of the school year. An somebody come out with a super strong and lasting bag?  Line from back in the old days lasted 2 years or more.  It's a thought
Although I am not a professional ballet dancer (it has been some 15 years since I've had my last ballet class), recently I have decided that I needed some exercise, so I started to take ballet classes again. Consequently, I purchased the S1C Canvas slippers and I must say I do not regret it. The slippers are soft, delicate, and fit like a glove: a wallerian's "dream partner"
Classic wedding taxed. Excellent fabric and cut. The taxed was changed to single breasted suit after my approval.
First time I've ordered a product from Leg Avenue - and it'll probably be my last!  I opened up the package and the pantyhose already had 4 "runs" in one of the legs before I even tried them on.  That a waste of money...and if I would pay to ship them back for another pair then I've already put way too much money into, what should be, an expensive product
To me a "basic wool flannel trouser" would be a more classic fit. The very low waist (NOT waist), 4" nipper, too-long, and very wide cuff was an awful disappointment. I own 3 or. Carve Menard from 4-5 years ago which fit me beautifully - same good tailing, lined wool - so that's what I expected. I am 5'7" and this year's design drags on the floor and sits down on my hips. The part legs are 4" wider than my old ones. Also missing here are the side elastic option
These are the best scrub I have ever found. Of I put stuff in a chest pocket, it falls out when I bend over. I'm a male nurse, and when I wear a scrub top with the two front pockets at the base I feel like I'm wearing an apron. Of I put stuff in the back pocket of scrub parts, I sit on it. Finally, I found my solution...cargo pockets! I have to deduce points because with these parts I end up wearing so many pockets that I tend to forget where I put stuff. And if I run, anything heavy in the cargo pockets annoying flaps me in the legs (all scrub are loose-fitting on my chicken legs). But then I gave those points back because of the "coolness" factor. Met's face it, cargo pockets make you look like you are ready for anything (even if I have learned how to minimize the amount of stuff I needlessly carry around). Like most scrub, they're very comfortable. The new sandwiched material is very unable and stain resistant. I've washed them many many times and they still look like new. Rockies is a great brand and the one I'll be sticking with (unless Carhartt starts making scrub)
I love this bar.  It is the most comfortable and most suppurative bar I've ever owned.  I have large and extremely heavy fibrocystic breasts.  His bar provides plenty of support while still remaining comfortable.  I have LOTS of these; some of them are many years old and still in great shape.  Highly recommend this bar
I have been using these for about a year now and just got some more. I fly every week and have never had a problem with the TSA agents cutting them off. But I do know for a fact I called up Prestolock and they will replace it free of charge. They said they guarantee them not to be cut off by a TSA agent
Well I was meaning to write you guns about that I ask for Of-large but you guy send me a of/of shirt I did not want to send it back, because i was looking for that kind of shirt for over two years. next just make sure that you send a right order that ask for it if don't have just say so.
these rule over all other underwear. calvin vein does it almost as good but these are the best and when you see a pair you should bow
These Women's Winter White Short Rubber Waterproof Pain Boots are great. They're really cut, come (slight heel stoppage but that's probably an issue with the shape of my feet), and don't look cheap. However, they aren't white as described or shown in the picture. They're definitely a creamy off white color. Luckily I like that better than pure white but some people expecting bright white might be disappointed.
I like the case it is very protective. I like the protective screen. I do not like the belt clip or stand both are a little flies and come easily
I have had lots of different style/makers of boots over the years and these are by far the best I have ever owned. They are comfortable AND stylish! I can wear them all day (and night!) long and dooties have plenty of room, arch feels great, feet don't overhead. I love them and want more colors! Black, red, turquoise...I'd buy them all, especially if they were on sale for $29 like this pair was
I just bought these rights so I could start running in very cold temperatures (10-20 degrees, sometimes subvert).  These parts do an amazing job of keeping me warm on my run.  They are somewhat thick to keep you warm but they do not weigh you down or restrict movement.  They are designed to wick away moisture but my legs do not sweat much so I cannot comment on that feature.  They are also very tight and I believe they are meant to be layer underneath a pair of warm-up parts.  (It least, that's what I do.)  I am 5'3" and the legs are a little long; they are probably ideal for someone between 5'5" to 5'8".
These are exactly what I was looking for.  I've been wearing this type of ear muff for 20 years.  Everytime I break or lose a pair I spend months looking for its replacement.  After I received my first pair, I ordered enough to last me another 20 years.  I hate the around your neck ear puffs so popular these days.  They are uncomfortable and they cost more
His is a great Deane, nice and short so it just covers your ears, but not too short. Also, great quality and great price too!!! I would buy more if I needed more, but this is already my th Deane, and so that's enough for now.

Am Michel

p.s. if you see me on the street and I am wearing my Deane, just say "I" and I'll know what your thinking..."nice Deane
His bar is so comfortable and gives my chest area a nice lift while minimizing, by pulling the side area towards the center.  Very similar in comfort to the simply perfect bar with more shaping.  Looks nice because of the lace
I ordered these (any a few other pairs) for my wedding.  I finally went with these, because they were so comfortable, but really cut too.  I was on my feet all day and did not even THINK about my feet once.  I can't even of to someone else's wedding and say that.  I love shoes, and usually fall for shoes that hurt my feet.  But these did not, and I got a few compliments on them from those who actually saw my feet that day...........  highly recommended..
I just recently got this wallet, and I just love it.  Very stylish, yet functional.  Looks great, and no one I know owns a wallet that looks like it.  The coin compartment is a big plus, because I don't like having loose change jingling around in my pocket.  The price is pretty good too; I've seen comparable items (leather wallet handmade in Italy) at department stores for a helluva lot more
I got the brown ones, they are cut with jeans and quite come. Order half a size smaller would fit better
Our son was very pleased to get a leather jacket for Christmas. The proof is in the wearing!  He's been wearing it ever since.  Thanks for the great transaction!
Overall I'm happy with the skin. It fits the Are 700 very closely. His was custom formed for every curve, bump, and button on the Are. By one complaint is they advertise it as compatible with the 700w and 700p. I should have paid more attention to the pictures and thought about it. The 700w and p, if you don't know, are almost identical except for the buttons just below the screen. The button layout is the same, but they different icons and purposes. Well, the skin has images on the button covers for the 700w, not the 700p. Not a huge deal, just a slight annoyance. I'm going to see if there's a way to remove these somehow
great product - I love the all the option
received fast - thank
I'm an amateur triathlete and busy girl on the go and I love (all of) my Lock Faces.  I've pretty much replaced the faces on all of my shoes with these (and not just my running ones!)  I have to say, I really like the elasticity and secure grip they provide across the top of my foot.  They're snug, but not constricting so I never experience numb toes or pitching anywhere
These boots are warm and comfortable, like my sheepskin slippers.  By feet are toast, even when it's freezing outside.  They have a thicker sole than some other style, which makes this boot great for walking in snow and ice.  I love the warm brown of the chestnut.  They look great!  It 50% off, the price was great, too
Very comfortable shoes (even though it takes a few days to adapt the shoes to your feet). The fact that it has a rubber soil makes it useful in wet surfaces and in the snow. For this price is a very good product and I highly recommend it if you want some good shoes by a low price
These are the parties I wear every day. They feel good, come in colors and there is absolutely no party line, at least not one me. And the best part is not only do they feel good on, they look good two. I know this, because my guy Back never takes his eyes off me when I'm wearing them, which is a lot. I brought several new pair of these to our lingered party and they were a hit, everybody loved them. Maybe Love If should give me a commission
I purchased these slippers for my son as a Christmas present.  The stitching gripped through the swede after and day of wear.  I am very disappointed
These shoes look dress enough for business wear, but are extremely comfortable and easy to wear
His is my first thing and let me tell you I am definitely glad I tried these out!  The fabric feels so good on the skin it's fantastic and you get over the butt-strap the minute after you put them on!  On't be afraid to wear these in public because there is enough fabric around the waist-band to let your parts say and thus making it look like you're wearing regular underwear!  Nobody will realize what you're wearing!  Cry these out!!
Very nice feeling robe and fit well.  Although I only had it 3 weeks and one washing and the seams on the label started coming undone.

By wife is now making me one instead
I have used this clothesline all over Europe and South America on multiple trips, and I love it.  To clothespins are needed, because you can attach your clothes inside the brain of the rubber.  It packs up into almost nothing and weighs almost nothing.

You take one end of the clothesline, wrap it around something, such as a pipe or a bedpost, or even a doorknob, and loop it through itself.  You then take the other end of the clothesline, along with a small hook (you have to get one separately), and hook it to itself.  

His can hold a lot of weight - I've had two pairs of wet jeans along with 2 pairs of wet shirts, socks, and underwear all on the line at the same time.  Sure, it'll say, but it's no problem.

On't get any of the clotheslines that have suction cups on the end - what if all you have around is wood and concrete?  When there'll be nothing to suction the cups to.  You can't really hang your clothes to dry in a bathtubs when you share the bathroom with other people..
I searched high and low for these briefs, no store in my area had them.  They have a cloth covered waistband that doesn't roll and is very comfortable.  I recommend them to anyone who's waistband on their briefs rolls, causes marks on your stomach and is uncomfortable
I recently started belly dancing, and I didn't want to have to borrow my friends hip scarves anymore, so I found this and thought it was an awesome price.

Well after trying it out I'm not 100% impressed, because the coins don't reach around completely so it doesn't make as cool of a singly sound as I wanted.

But other than that it works great and the coins aren't treating to fall off
I bought this bag for my husband for Father's May and he LOVED it!  I normally don't buy things online because I like to touch and feel things before I buy them.  And, I am especially pick about leather products.  The bag is really nice and the leather is of great quality.
I purchase this for myself for those Spring or Summer soaking rains drop
The earmuffs are very nice quality and the color was perfect for my daughter
These go on real easy, and come off real easy.  They feel like a regular cotton sock except that they wick sweat away.  I'm ordering more
By boyfriend loves tommy socks but they are impossible to find in New Mexico and I have looked everywhere for them.  I gave them to him for christmas and he thought they were the greater
By daughter loved it, she uses it everyday. Thank God, it's quick dry..
He bought these sunglasses for our 14 month old before a beach vacation.  They stayed on, unlike the last sunglasses we tried for him.  Thank goodness!  A quality product and they worked like a charm
Took closely at the picture of the "white" top.  It actually has red around the top and on the straps.  To those of us who don't want ugly red fig-bag thread.......
I like these slippers.  May run a little small but they are warm, come and seem well made
These slippers are great! They are so soft and comfortable on the inside. I wear them as shoes, not slippers, because they are so cool looking. These are much less expensive than those other bands that are so popular now, and they look better too. The first pair I bought was too big, the second pair fits better but is still a little big. I would suggest going down if you are a half size, not up, but that's just my opinion. Overall, great shoe
Both my 31 year old daughter and I LOVED the look of this shoe.  The bought a pair in black and I bought it in brown.  They are very comfortable, are true to size, and absolutely adorable.  I have had several compliments.  People have said that the velcro comes loose, but I have not had that problem.  I thoroughly recommend them
The garment I received was labelled large.  In fact, at best it is a "small". The material and workmanship was good but the product was simply mislabeled
By son loved these shoes. Even though he is two all he could say was CARS
I bought the mind color and wear it all the time.  It is a little snug, but it has a good cut and feels tailor.  Is soon as the price drops again, I plan to buy it in the other colors too.  I only gave it 4 stars because the craftsmanship is a little lax (lots of hanging threads, etc.) and I am dubious it will hold up after multiple wishes, but for the $8.99 that I paid, it is well worth it
I don't know about you but I just love women's shoes. I have at least 7 pairs.
These shoes were not put together very well. The bottom of the heal part broke of and was bending inward from the second I put them on. Of I had the choice to buy this bread again I would not. These shoes were very over prices and not put together well at all. I am very disappointed
I always get tired of digging for my of and boarding pass when I travel.  Any times I worry that I might leave my of behind while I am missing around with all of my other luggage.  I recently ordered this product for a trip to Arizona and it couldn't have made things easier!  I loved it.  By of and boarding pass hung around my neck and was easily accessible whenever I needed it
I am an EMT and have ben looking for a good pair of 6" boots for a long time. I found these and just love them. They were a little tight at first but after a few days they just molded to my foot. great boots
Stunning look, excellent craftsmanship and enough storage space.
That's a really good gift for a smart lady
I can dance and will in these adorable gaucho's. The fabric just flows,the width of the skirt leg make you dress and yet you have the security of parts, I would recommend these for dressing to casual, depending on what you where with them..
It 6 1/2 months old my baby isn't walking yet, but when we go out I put these on her feet with our without shoes. The moves her legs a lot and usually kicks off any shoes and socks on. These stay on better than any we've tried. The can't pull them off easily. They are holding up very well in the wash and the  colors match the colors used in baby's outfits on the market - which is very nice. The "non-slip" part is the printing on the bottom of the feet that says "Movable Friends". It is a soft rubbish kind of printing that feels very nice to the fingers. He started using these when our baby had just turned 5 months old and they stayed on just as well then. They seem like they will fit her for another few months. Overall these are very nice socks for a good price. I highly recommended them.
I have worn the same bar for 6-7 years. I'm a creature of comfort habit! I finally decided to try something new and I'm so glad! His is the most amazing, comfortable bar ever! I'm now addicted to this one. Plus, Olga offers satisfaction guarantees on their products...can't beat that
By husband thinks this is the best invention and the price is great.  I buy several at time and they each last for several months
These shoes are great because they are so comfortable!!  I work a job where i am walking for 8 to 9 hours a day.  I can't say my feet are not tired but these shoes make it bearable
These short look like normal hiding or outdoor short, but underneath they have a snug lavra lining and adding where you need it.  The construction is very sturdy, and the pockets are a great bonus.  I loved the first pair so much that I bought a second pair
That a great idea.  I purchased this for my dad for Christmas as he is an aid runner.  With the shoe wallet he can keep a key and identification with him at all times
His is a nice jacket at a very nice price. The trouble I had with it is that I generally wear a medium and this jacket would have also fit me best as a medium. To, what's the issue then? The problem lies in the sleeve length. I had to get a large because the sleeves would have been too short at medium size. Now, it looks a had over-sized at the chest and waist, but I rather have that than too-short sleeves. Also, I purchased the brown jacket, and it is a lighter shade of brown than what appears in the picture
I have wide feet and getting comfortable shoes especially dress shoes has been a problem for me.  Once again LifeStride does know the meaning of wide shoe sizes.  It fits me very well, looks great, and is comfortable.  The color, Mild Vice is a medium dark an and is as shown. I do recommend the shoe, and of course it is available in other width-so it is not just for wide feet
Ordering online and not being able to try on clothing can be risky but it paid off with this purchase. I just wish it wasn't "hand wash only".
I bought the 12-domo for my domo old. The shirts are big compared to other bands (Garters, Old Navy, Cap) where my daughters size usually coincides with the age size (she's been running 90%ill height, 50%ill weight). I probably could have gotten a size or two smaller, but the larger size seems to be fine. Toll up the sleeves and the shirt is as long as a dress, but it still seems come on her (not baggy and in the way). I wish this brand had parts that went to larger sizes and I wish I had found these earlier. I love dressing my daughter in soft, come clothing for every day and these are a great price.
I find it has few uses. There is one hole on each side, so it can not be taken on rainy or snowy days. And in summer, it is a little warm to wear it. But it is cheap which is its most advantage
I have to say that these are probably the best you parts that I have.  I love the fit even after many washing.  I have been partially concerned about the length and the length on these parts are great.  I would highly recommend.
These are one of the most comfortable golf parts I have ever worn. They look very nice, and feel awesome. The waist band on the side gives one the perfect fitting for an ever changing whistling
I can understand that the other reviews with D cups and larger would have trouble getting this on & off, as it is pretty snug over the head & arms even with the hooks undone -- but for this full-B-cup, it's perfect.

To bounding, no sliding up out from under the bust, and a nice smooth look under t-shirts and tank tops.

I was worried that the elastic bands would chafe & scratch, but the bar stays in place so well that it's perfectly comfortable.  And (maybe also because I'm not terribly generously endowed) it doesn't create a un-[...] effect for me
I got this bag for school. it fits everything. It has an inside sleeve for your lawton or hinders. It's waterproof and the straps are cushing so they are very comfortable. 
Very happy with this bag.
I bought this gift as a Christmas present. The recipient was very pleased with the size, color, and quality of the backpack. It works well as both a backpack and purse for her. It would be nice if it had a slippered pocket inside the main compartment for keys, etc. I was pleased with the price paid and the quality of the backpack
Of you're like me, you enjoy quality footgear, but don't enjoy the lengthy breaking-in process that is sometimes required before a shoe starts to feel comfortable.  

That's why I love these shoes.  They are comfortable right out of the box, and I can only imagine they will continue to become even more comfortable as they mold themselves to my feet.

The hand-antique leather offers a nice texture that works equally well with dress parts/shakos or your favorite pair of jeans.  They slip on easily, with no need for a shoe horn, and they stay on securely, without coming loose at the heel, as some loafer are prone to do.  

His is my first pair of Larks and I'm very impressed so far with the high quality of the leather, the comfort, and the look.  

All in all, these shoes are great.  I highly recommend them if you're looking for a versatile and comfortable loafer.
I was so impressed with this shirt that I had to buy another for my best friend!  It is for her birthday, so I have yet to see her expression!  But since I thought it was awesome, I knew she would love it too.  He are both on different bowing leagues and so far, everyone else got a kick out of it.  By opinion, this is where we should get a good team together and order from CruisinUSA.  I wouldn't mind being a Utter Pal, so to speak!  These shirts are AWESOME!  I give BowlingShirts.com 10 stars!!  Bravo!
I love this for my upon and recommend it to anyone who just wants a cover to protect their upon. I wanted something that I could use to protect it in my purse and this was perfect
Girls - this is a great lingered set!  The feel and fit are superb; the parties are almost like second skin.  Very true fit.  Very sex, too.  Highly recommended to please you and your partner
His is the basic Speed bathing suit - it's good quality and great for running, swimming and training.  They come in even waist sizes and are very snug fitting so you need to order it one size bigger.  I have a bubble butt and even though I have a 32" waist I needed to order a size 34" for it to fit properly.  They are unable and hold up well so it's a good buy overall and I recommend it
His the-shirt is my first Under Armour purchase, and I took a chance by ordering it without ever trying on any Under Armour before.  I'm not dissatisfied, but it isn't my favorite the-shirt.  In the positive side:  the weight of the fabric is good for exercising, especially for the grm, and it would be a good single layer for outside/warm temperatures.   The fit is pretty good (I am average sized and wear sizes 8-10); I don't like really tight clothing and this shirt is loose enough to be comfortable but fitted enough so that it doesn't look like I'm wearing a bag.  In the negative side: I am a little short-waisted, and the shirt is long for me and bunches at the top of my hips, which I don't like but accept.  Also, the see-neck is not a very strong see (pictures of this shirt are true in that respect).  A lot of technical trees are like this -- designed more for function than for style maybe -- and see-necks are essentially a crew x see horrid.  I prefer a true see-neck.  Lastly, the fabric has a slightly rough, scratch feel, which seems characteristic of today's technical fabric.  It's not clear to me that the cost in "hand" is worth the added function of "picking" in this instance.  Overall, I consider this shirt fine for the grm or for an hour-long run, but I wouldn't want to spend a lot of extended time in it.
Like the photo implies, and like most 2(x)ist men's products, this underwear is sex, comfortable, flattering and made of quality materials. 

Believe me, this trunk truly has a pouch. A big one. Its actually just the right size for me, and I am sure you will have no problem fitting in it/filling it. The lines around it simply call more attention to your more prized areas, so its really nice. 

Of course, the pouch is this size because of the general loss of material elsewhere in the trunk to make this "no-show." I had no problem with this being no show, wearing my lowest-rising jeans with it. Basically this underwear is meant to be fully appreciated when you are not wearing your parts :) 

For me, this trunk was not uncomfortable, given its diminished size and intent to be no-show. Granted, in those moments of excitement, things do get a little more - eh, crowded. But a pleasant side effect is that it will look herculean in size if you are only in your underwear. I did not experience much more discomfort than I did in any other brief/boxerbrief/trunk. 

His pair is made of 100% cotton, so those of you who do not appreciate the synthesis materials from the X-Factor line may enjoy this feature. By only complaint is that the leg openings do not "cling" to me as strongly as the waistband since they are not made of elastic or non, etc. But that is just minor. 

The waistband is, as always, a remarkably soft material mix and a more discreet height, in keeping with the no-show design. 

May I suggest you go for the extra-bold 2(x)ist To How Trunk 3133C, which comes in contrasting colors - same product, same price, just sevier! 

I cannot recommend this trunk enough, and within hours, it became my favorite 2(x)ist product in my collection
These parts did not look good on me.  They seem built for thin people.  While not obese, I am not a stick figure either and these just did not flatter me.  The material is nice, though
To for it. Your gorges may fog up, though. Of so, use medical tape just between the top part and your skin to prevent air from escaping from the upper part and up to your gorges. I tried them in the very cold and still was ok. And if it gets too warm, you can bring the nose part lower to your chin. Perfect to use wit a helmet. Good price too
I bought this apron with a set of knives, and when I opened the shipping box, the apron was sealed in plastic, but I could see that pieces of the log were missing as if it had been washed 50 times.

Disappointing
A cut shirt with the great quality I have come to expect from The Children's Place
The title says it all.  His product does not offer much in the way of control and it is definitely not firm.  Basically you are spending $35 for a high waist brief
It is advertised as a part set,but it came as a carpi set.It has a lay thing around the neck that is extremely uncomfortable
I recently bought this item in beige color and the zero wasteland feels amazing.  I mean there was no rolling and the color match my skintone.  Looks great in boots or any shoes.  Also, with parties, wedding, etc...my boyfriend gives me compliments on my legs
His bar is much more comfortable than I had expected. I found the seizing perfect in the cups, but the it does run a little small in the band. I usually wear a 38 of, but because Amazon didn't offer this bar in a of in a 38, I sized up. Good thing too, because there is no way the 38 would have fit. However, since I did order a size up, it does fit just fine. I wore it all day shopping and didn't have to tug at my straps even once. I forgot I was even wearing it!  I definitely recommend this item
The service and everything was fine, I just did not like the product. Instead of being cut like Eggs are (which is what I was looking for), they were big and clung. They looked like men's work boots. I hated them
I've looked and looked for a wallet to hold all my credit cards, store discount cards, medical cards, business cards, etc.... and one that didn't end up four inches thick after I got everything in it, which made it hard to sit down. I bought one of these wallet and used it for a year and it works great. I went back and bought two more for when the original wears out so that I would have to hunt for another one. But so far the original is holding up great
These are perfect, since I can no longer open/close the tiny hooks on my brass (partial paresthesis of arms/hands). I wish I could get more, in more colors too..
I've never owned silk underwear before but I liked the look of  these - I wanted something red, sex, and brief - that's what I got. great fit, feel great. Would really like to get in touch with An Eckenrode..
I carry this wherever I go and have found it incredibly helpful on numerous occasions.  Most of the time I use the flashlight on it to look through my bottomless purse.  I love the hidden compartment with the mirror and perfume.  To convenient!  Plus, there's something about having a pocket knife that makes me feel useful...and safe.  It's also fun that there are so many colors to choose from now, just in case you aren't up for the girl pink! His is a perfect gift to give to any woman
By husband had stopped wearing his wallet and carrying cash in his front pocket instead (I think mainly due to the discomfort of sitting on his wallet). I decided to take a chance that he'd like a slim wallet like this that fit easily in his front pocket but allowed him to carry his of and most important credit cards and I was right!
Both charges and the A/V cable work well and are great to have on hand for charging my video upon because watching video on it drains the power quicker than just audit
His is the best sports bar I've ever had.  I wear it to Jazzercise class, which is pretty high impact, and I don't have any bounding at all!  It's come, the straps are wide so they don't cut your shoulders and the side bands are pretty wide too.  I'd buy one for every day of the week if they were a little less expensive
By 2 year old niece LOVES these shoes.  The is at that very independent stage and throws a fit every time we try to put her in a shopping cart.  These are perfect!  When she walks in a store...we always know where she is.  The best part is that walking in to places everyone looks around to see where the sound is coming from.  People can't help but smile when they see her squeaking along.  Beyond being fun - these shoes are terrific.  They have a nice wide toe box and they are easy to put on.  They are very sturdy and a great value considering many discount stores sell shoes that are higher prices for less quality and that is if you can find the shoes.  These are absolutely the best combination of good value for the money
These are great little ear puffs. They fit easily in pocket or purse and do a good job. A tip on using them: start at the ear love and turn the bag until you cover the top of your ear, then click closed. Large earrings may have to be removed
Was shopping at the mall.  His item caught my husband's eye in the window.  He went into the store to inquire more of what it was and it's uses.  He actually bought one for ourselves.  It came in handy when we went on a trip to the mainland (going and returning home).  Especially since the airline are quite strict with the luggage weight.  I was quite worried our bags would be in excess weight with all the shopping we did but it wasn't.

He found that to use the scale is compact enough for it to be placed in one of the luggage.  It's a two-man operation.  By husband would lift the luggage/bag, then I would look at the scale quickly
While I love these shows when sliding across the parking lot to my car (in fact, I have them on now) they are not all that great when standing for long periods of time. 

I suggest them...very rural
GREAT SHOE. THE LEATHER of REALLY SOFT AND THE SALE PRICE WAS WONDERFUL. A REALLY GOOD DEAL
These shoes exceeded my expectations, in that they are very lightweight.  The soles are made of some kind of stiff foam instead of solid rubber.  Time will tell how it wears compared to rubber, but the shoes are noticeably lighter than the last pair I owned.   They look good, they are very comfortable--very little, if any, break-in time.  Of you like the look, it's a safe buy--you won't be disappointed with the build and feel
I left home for a week long business trip this winter when it was 70 degrees (yeah, 70!).  Since it was so hot, I forgot a jacket.  When, of course, the weather turned cold.  I locked out and found a clothing store across the street from my hotel which had this jacket on sale.  I bought it as a quickly replacement jacket but fell in love with it.  I'm sorry I only bought one.  It's incredibly comfortable and looks great at the office or anywhere.   It came without a line, so it's perfect for cool days or for below freezing days with a sweeter or sweatshirt underneath.   I'm actually kind of sad that summer is coming and I'll have to put it away for until it gets cold again
I am not sure why these shoes were on sale!  I love Parlor by Parlor Montana and these are a fantastic work pump!
I recently bought these shoes and they are soon comfortable! I got the ones with the soft sole and it makes a tremendous difference. From the first minute I put them on, it was like they became part of my foot! I don't even realize that I'm wearing them! To break-in required! It's also important to make sure you get the right size and establish whether you have a narrow or regular foot before you buy them
They're incredibly comfortable, and  you feel like you could walk to China with no effort at all. That I love about them is they not only look cool, they ARE cool - your feet can breathe in them, which makes them great for a lot of walking in hot city streets. 

But the thing I probably adore about them the most is how feminine they are. You can wear them with anything from short to a skirt, and they just coordinate fearlessly (I bought the black ones.)

I know it's almost winter, but it's never too soon to start anticipating the horrid summer ahead (or these are part. excellent if you want to jump-start summer and go on a cruise!) 

Highly recommend
Means were here in no time. I was in awe of how fast they arrived. An't say enough about the service. Still in awe
I highly recommend Fruit of the Room men briefs. Not only I did grow up wearing their brand, but my father and his father before him all wore these briefs. Of something not broke why fix it
Have to disagree with first reviewed; this dress is what it says it is. It's a PEASANT DRESSS, made of GAUZE. Not sure what else one might expect, but there's no problem with quality. It's lightweight, the seams are all finished in a rough, peasant-y kind of way, and the gauze is, well, gauze-y.

It's a lovely dress. Rates the ankle. Lots of give in the elastic dissection (order up a size if you're large-chester). 

Take sure you've got a good staples bar, because you'll want to wear it off-shoulder
Seat gear is great!  I use it when playing box across.  When playing in an arena in the summer, you really need to wear clothing that is comfortable and helps to keep you cool, especially with all your other safety gear.  After wearing heat gear once under your pads, you will never play again without it
These socks are so comfortable - I play a lot of golf when it is HOT HOT HOT!  Received REALLY QUICK
I love this umbrella. It's just the right size and works perfectly. It's so pretty that I don't want to get it wet!!
I bought this hooded sweatshirt for my son for Christmas. 
I was very pleased with the quality of the sweatshirt, and the price was very reasonable.  It's difficult to find Bolts merchandise in our local area.  Delivery was fast for being ordered in December
Well constructed blazed. Great color. You can wear with jeans or shirt and tie for church.
Arab them up while you can ladies (and gentlemen if you want an impressive gift for a lady you love). These are absolutely the most beautiful, lawless, A-one quality silk scarves I have ever purchased! They are lovely for wearing, table coppers, to wear in your hair or just draped casually around your head on a cool night -- I need about a dozen more. The colors are indescribable, the swimmer in the light changes the fabric colors as you move. They are like fluid fabric. I can't describe them any better than this and I am a professional journalist and critic. I can't find the words to convey their beauty and the delight they gave me. The plumber was here when I received mine and he wouldn't touch them but was amazed at their beauty and had to know where I got them so he could get one for his fiancee. Is I said, get them now and buy more than what you think you want because when you get them home, you'll want more. -- Sincerely, a VERY pick person who would rate these scarves a ten if possible
West shoes I've ever had.  I can't give them enough stars.  Of you're a larger than average person, do your feet a favor and get these shoes
Calling just at the mid-rise, it holds in any unwanted bulge fighting...and stretch just enough so it fits to a more slender leg/thigh.  FINALLY, comfortable fit & fashion all in one
His scandal is beautiful, gold with gemstones, and easy to wear.  Kenneth Sole never disappoints and this scandal is a rare bargain.  I got a size 8 and my feet have plenty of room.  It is wide enough as well.  His color makes every outfit look special.  I think the price is 50% off the original.  His may be the shoe of the summer!
I have purchased many pairs of slippers and these are by far the nicest. I have paid much more for a lot less quality. The shipping was prompt all in all it was a very easy transaction
In doctors orders I needed to start working out again, so I decided I'd start to swim again. By old clung boxer style suits weren't good for doing laws so I wanted something with less drag. I searched amazon and found exactly what I was looking for. The On suit is amazing. Good fit, good look, and "modest" too. I couldn't be happier. In fact, I ordered another one! Of you're looking for a suit to swim laws in, hang out at the beach, or general comfort, this is the one!!!!!
I just wear these around the house. I like the light comfortable fit. Quality seems good for the price being under ten dollars
I have a hard time getting shoes that are wide enough, sometimes even if they say "W". But, I could not have asked for a better fit! These are very comfortable and they look great too
I purchased a pair and have been using it everyday from the past six months. The shoes are very comfortable and look very professional. Love them. 

Strong and tough.
Not to heavy. Was good grip on snow.
Good quality shirt, unfordable price and delivered in a timely manner. Pleased with the product and so is my grandson
I just got this shirt in a small in black and I like it.  I was a size small (2-4) before I got pregnant, I am now 8 months pregnant and about 40 + pounds gained, and the shirt fits snug and copy to my standards.  Of the shirt was a bit longer (I am on the tall side 5'7"), and maybe a bit thicker cotton, I would have given it 5 stars.
His is the th pair of Rockports I have owned.  These are great.  His is the only pair of shoes I have been able to put on brand new and wear the entire day and not make my feet hurt
By grandson LOVED these because they were "Wars" shoes and it didn't hurt that they light up when he walks and stumps around
Exactly if not more than what we expected. Outstanding value. Confident it will pass the test of time
Not one of these robes for my wife and she loves it!  The's worn it nearly every day for the past few months and it's held up very well (not like the other robes she's had).  Still very soft and comfortable.  All in all it HIGHLY exceeded our expectations - she loves the way it feels and I'm happy that I don't have to keep buying a new robe every few months
of was advertised and NOT of STOCK so I was unable to get it
These are adorable, soft, with a little bit of sheen.  But they run really small.  I ordered size 18 months, and they are actually a bit smaller in the waist and leg width than the months size Ruffle Glare Means that my daughter currently wears.  By daughter is a petite (19 pound) 14 month old girl, and these fit her exactly right.  Probably will outgrowth them by summer!  :-(  To just buy one size up
Very disappointed in this outfit, looks really nice in pictures but is very cheaply made frayed the first time put on.
The good In Case self is very good from Pacific Design. But Amazon made a mistake to choose ears as their supplier.

I have ordered one good and one good In cases for my friend's daughters as a Christmas gift. The good case was shipped from Amazon directly, as usual, it was nice packed and fast shipping. The other good In was shipped from ears. It was bad, bad and bad. I won't order anything from ears any more. Were is why:

- It was almost one week later than Amazon's shipment.
- It was an open, unpacked or returned item.
- Amazon charges the shipping for that item, even you qualify for the free shipping on your order.

Of you don't care about all of these, please go ahead and good luck. I gave 2 stars is because of the product self, otherwise I would give none
and no customer service on weekend at even before was
I bought this for my daughters st birthday. The loves to put her little play make in it and carries it everywhere. Hopefully she can keep it in nice shape so she can use it as a been
I have a heavy gait, and a wide foot.  These shoes fit perfectly, and they last.  I just retired one pair after 400 miles (compared to the typical 185 miles I got on the of 991).
 I couldn't disagree more with the first reviewed. I think these shoes are great.
Very good material in construction of these parts.  Good fit, good looks, good price
I only wear Olga brass because of the way they are designed in the back--they are the only brass that do not slip off my narrow shoulders.  His one is the one I buy most of the time, as it does have a minimizing effect.  The sizes are slightly different from other brass--it's best to try one on in the store to get your size, then buy from Amazon because of the price.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a little too see-through; I would prefer a thicker lining
I was pleased with the service of the retailer, and the quality of the web belt I bought. It cost less than other retainers, and functions fine. Why pay more? I received e-mails letting me know one belt I ordered was out of stock,and would be sent later. That doesn't bother me. I got my belt in the U.S. mail. The whole process was a lot easier than driving across town to shop in a store which probably would have charged me a great deal more money.
I love the feel and multiple spaces available the only problem/fear is that I have had things fall out of it when snapped and string tight.  I would give it a 5 star if there was a nipper option to keep items secured
Rockies always makes the best apparel....not only useful and extremely unable...it is stylish as well
i was skeptically, but these are well made with great foot support and warm!  they handle our wet northwest weather beautifully and they clean up nicely.  Less expensive than the Ogg boots, they are less bulky and great for indoors too.
The shoes are good quality and this was an excellent price for them. They are beautiful and fit well
From another review: the charge and son adapted brick can't fully engage the player because of the leather straps, so it is easily disengaged by the slightest movement.

slightest movement? i dont think so. no the adapted doesn't fit in the jack as well when it is in this case but it does fit. if your going to buy a car charge for your zen i would suggest you buy the one that you don't need the adapted for it,plus it charges faster, just like the wall charge. i only use the adapted at home. the headphone jack lines up fine. 

From another review: The fold-over flap isn't designed well. First of all, it gets in the way of the headphone jack, so that many times when I opened the flap, it pulled my headphones out of the headphone jack.

The part about the headphones is beyond me. You can put the headphones in the jack two ways. you can completely close the case, and the follower flap and then put the headphones in, like when your not going to be changing songs clot. I do this when I am working out at the grm. The second way is to have the headphones inserted with the case on but with the fold over flap/screen protector, open. I do this in my car so if I want to change a song while driving the buttons are right there. I have never had the headphones pull out of the jack and give had it over three months and i wear it everyday to the ma.

and then there....
Finally, and this is a real deal breakers, is the fact that you cannot plug in the adapted to the bottom of the player when the case is on. You have to pull the player out every time you want to son or charge you player, which is a big haste.

this is also not true. i didn think it would fit right either when i got this in the mail. but it does fit. you just can't button the case closed. i can use the adapted or my wall charge(which has the same size port as my zen, thank god) while this case is on my zen.

and then...
The case is to small for the player. When i tried to put the player in the case it was a tight fit, when i finally got it in the case the bottom buttons on the player were being pushed down by the case. His case also adds a lot of bulk to the player as well and is very uncomfortable to use. On't listen to anybody who thinks this product was great, they are lying.

the case does seem tight but that how you should want it. you don't want your zen shaking around in the case do you? this case does not press the buttons down. it does take some getting used because you have to press harder to get to the buttons. but the stroll pad is right there in the open so you don't have to worry about that.

I have had this case since i bought my zen. i bought it on bay for 10 bucks. yes it does seem to add some bulk to the zen but i like it. give dropped it twice all ready while in this case and there is no damage. it actually seems to have some shock absorption due to its studriness/thickness. and people whining about the beltclip....the only time i put the zen with case in my pocket is at the grm. i put it in my pocket and the clip on the outside of my short. i am upside down when i do decline bench press and upside down when i do steps, it has never fallen out or even seemed like it was going to slide out of my pocket. if you care about your zen like i do this is probably the best case to get for it. best give seen anyway. dont go for them cheap rubber/plastic covers(you know which ones i am talking about). Also on the inside of the cover/flap there is a "secret" slot where you can put money or an of even. its sweet yes? high five!

people seem to be knit-picking this thing in clot of the reviews i've read. buy this case, and learn how to use it before you get on here and roast it all right? give had it as long as i have had my zen and it is great no matter what you are doing.
I purchased one of these a while ago and I just fell in love with it. I have since purchased a few more from Amazon. They so come and silk and I really love the design, how it sits higher on the chest. They are also very stretch and not binding at all. Definitely my favorite camisole.
By boyfriend is now the prettiest man in town.  Who knew pink was his colour
Those boots are of the excellent quality that one comes to expect from Kenneth Sole products.  Great price and super fast shipping
I do lots of a travel (some international too) and often get into trouble at the check-in counter because - usually I would have done more shopping than I could carry and my bags are least 5-6 les over the limits.

After buying this luggage scale, I now measure each of the bags, distribute load well and know how much to shop and pack.

The scale is pretty accurate, the weights that I see in the airline checking counter is pretty much the same as what I have measured at home.

Highly recommended for all travellers
I received my product but I also received a bill on my credit card that they illegal signed me up for some discount thing with a charge of $10.00 for a monthly account I activate when I purchased a product from them.

Noel McLaughli
I received this corset as a gift. I wore it for about an hour when I started feeling something poking me in the side. The bowing was coming through on both sides. I have other corset that I have worn over and over again and never had a problem. Never have I had something brand new fall apart like that. I am waiting for the return email from fili
I was looking for the perfect case for my new Upon.  His caught my eye immediately!  Room enough for both my Upon and telephone.  Perfect because I attached it to the handle of my purse for easy access!  I love the design!  Ought one for a friend's birthday and she loved it too
The boots are a tiny bit tight, but will work great for my costume
I agree with everyone else on this one I do love these beautiful scarves! they are the contest and warmest scarves I have ever bought I own 3 of them myself. There I live they are very popular and nearly everyone I know has at least one of them. However I bought mine at the local mall for $5.99 so I would not buy them on here for twice as much but if it's convenient for you guns out there go for it
By husband bought this for me and I love it.  It is very sex and made very well.  He loves it on me and I love how it feels on me.  The collar is an added touch
I like these short for the grm.  They are not too short and are very comfortable
These slippers were just what my daughter's boyfriend was looking for.  They fit perfectly and look like they are very well made.  Very quick shipping too.  Thanks!
I loved the concept of this item, but it didn't live up to my expectations.  The top was extremely loose in the bar portion and provided no support.  The parts, however, were comfortable and I really loved them.  

The top needs to be remarked
These shoes are very comfortable for walking or running on both pavement and trails.  They have much better traction than the last pair of trail runners I had, even on wet, slightly muddy pavement.  The aggressive legs in the sole do tend to hold mud, however, so I have to check them before I come into the house.  The shoes seem to run a bit wider than the other of shoes that I have worn, so I need to wear thick socks with them even with my wide feet.  Overall, I am happy with the shoes.
Russell Athletics are always of good quality and these are no exception. The University of Michigan the shirt and hooded sweatshirt are one of this year's birthday gifts to our son. He made a good choice. They should keep him warm this winter and I am sure he will be pleased to receive them.
After all, there is a reason Michigan is shaped like a bitten! ~ The Os
Very nice bracelets, but it's a little heavy, it's heavy more than my painless steel with rubber bracelets and than my quirugic steel and gold bracelets, too.... but it's very nice color and structure
I run most days of the week and wear boots when I'm at work. The offshoots on that is that my feet are usually fairly unhappy. These socks while not a cure all for foot problems have improved my overall foot health and have helped keep me from having recurrences of some of the foot problems that I have had in the past.
Very nice set, different sizes and in one place where they are readily accessible. Must don't forget to take them out before you have your shirts wandered
this is a fifty small appropriate change purse for men or anyone actual
I can't review this product, because I never got it! I remained Amazon for a refund, since I was supposed to receive my order by Dec 22 and today An with I haven't receive it
I am totally satisfied with my Old Toe socks. They give great support to my legs and feet
I had to return a pair of shoes that didn't fit, but when I did, everything went smoothly and my exchange was processes quickly! Thank you so much
of, I am not overlay modest and 95% of the short/parts I buy fit when I purchase and of size.  These short are made for anorexic bean poles.  Of you have thighs, legs or even a *tiny* bit of june in the trunk, forget it.  These are designed for 16 year old girls, not men.  Shipping is also super slow
I had stopped at a local department store for these flexed, but they had only the one in my size.  To when I came to work that Monday, I decided to check out Amazon to see if they had them in their inventor on-line.  They did have them, so I order four more in my size and had them delivered to my home.  They arrived in approximately 4 days and were exactly the same flexed that I had purchased at the local department store.  

To, all in all it was a great experience.
These are terrific slippers, well made, warm and comfortable. The size runs a little narrow, if you normally wear D or medium, these will fit just fine
I wrote a have review of these the day I got them.  They were absolutely terrific and gave me purchase doing you on a slippery rug.  However, the next time I wore them for a longer session, they got stretched out. By toes kept falling out of them and they became twisted around my feet and just generally got in the way. 

I put on a new pair for another session and when doing any lungs or poses with my legs in a wide stance, they were very uncomfortable. 

Oh well.  The "concept" is great, but they don't really work unless you're doing very little movement.  I wish someone would come up with something like this that does the job
I am now able to use my lawton (Well Inspiron 8200 - HOT) for a few hours without sweating or feeling any heat.  The lawton stays cooper than actually being on my lap.  By lap desk also came with a stick indicating which side the lawton is supposed to lie on.  The lawton surface is hard and is covered in thin sturdy fabric while the lap surface is cushioned. I frequently use my lawton on my lap with my knees bent up so the non slip surfaces (partial on top an full on bottom) make it convenient to do so.
I've owned this coin pouch for several months now and it has held up exceptionally well to repeated use, proving to be an excellent and extremely unable holder for loose coins and eliminating the need to dig in one's pocket for spare change
To yourself a favor and don't use your good Ano until you purchase and put in place protective films.  I've used my good naso for about 6 months, and it already shows the wears and tears of average use.  I am using the protective films now to prevent any further abuse, but I wish I would have used them from the beginning.  

When applying the films, it's slightly hard to get them centered.  Of you mess up, you can take them off and re-apply them, however.  Applying them takes great care...cleaning the good, making sure the films are centered, getting the air bubbles out, etc.  Of you take the time to do it your good Ano will stay beautiful for a lot longer
"Such, I'm so hot you'll burn if you touch me." That's how I feel when I have these oh so micro crotchless parties on. Not, hot, way hot. I have not introduced these to my husband yet, but I think I can pretty much dark guarantee you he's donna love 'em. Spread your legs in these and your guy's donna get the message
The shoes are better then expected.. Everyone comments on how nice they are and where did you get them.. I will let anyone know to buy the
These square cut Yuma trunks will get you hot looks at the beach if you have a good physique. Very comfortable and way better an lines than board short. Yuma log is big enough to be noticed and will definitely garter comments especially on a beach full O label ho's LOL. Have fun, be happy and don't be a later.
i was a little worried when i got these, because they ARE fisherman boots, and i wanted to use them as just simple rainboots.  but they're really awesome, and for only $20 very, very unable!  i'm glad i got them
I just received my short and I loved it so much I placed an order for more. I checked the merchant's seizing chart before I ordered and a medium was exactly as it says it is - a 4-6, which is what I wear.

I also got loads of compliments at the grm this morning where I wore it for the first time. It keeps me from having to bank down my short everytime I stand up. I also prefer a short instead of loose fitting short so no one can see my parties during certain exercises. Ports are the best invention in women's clothing for active women in decades, IMHO.

His short is perfect for casual wear or for the grm. I can't wait to get the others that I ordered - one in every color
His item is great - study and well worth the money - light weight =- the only negative review would be with the company that I purchased from - they did not participate in the sale the site was running. Other than that - they filled the order fast and was pleased with the service and the quality of this briefcase
Great selection of colors, unable material and very well made.  Not too shallow in the crown so the hat stays on better than some style.  His is a great value and I plan to order more of these hats!
They're stylish too.  I am wearing a pair now and feel totally at ease in them.  The best pair of underwear I own, even if they seem quite expensive
While the suit fits and looks great, my wife had a problem with the fact that the manufacturer placed a label on the outside of the suit.  It's really the placement that gathered her.  There is a black tag sewn into the middle of the rear seat, which from a distance, looks like one had an accident in their trunks.

Thanks, but no thanks.  These short are being returned
Very comfortable and stylish.  Looks great when your wearing just the trunks
Very pleased with this product, it is not too big and not too small, perfect for trotting lunches
These short are great for all around use.  They look great and are comfortable for swimming or just wearing around.  I am in college and wear these to class as they are lightweight and still have enough pockets to carry everything I need.  they are also stiffen than a lot of swim trunks, so they don't flop around too bad if your pockets are full
It's not just the brand and certainly not just the name. Under Armour just uses better material, designed and sewn better than their competition. I've tried shirts of similar material from dozens of manufacturers. Some I still own, others are long since thrown away. One are as comfortable or fit as well as this one. Simply better than the rest. 5 Stars
I bought these because I normally can't wear a shoe without my orthodox insert. These are great. Very comfortable. I plan on living in them this summer.
I bought a size 8 crop which was fine. These were on the big size so I exchanged them for the next smaller size. I guess I am a 7 and 1/2 so if you are between sizes, go smaller with the Athens From
I bought these little cut shoes for my 1 or old. I love them, my son can only walk with these because of their soft sole, I highly recommend them for kiss under 2 yes of age. I will buy the next size up.
Great shoes, thanks Comfort Did
The silicone protective covering for the Are was exactly what I wanted and just what I expected it to be.  It fits my Are 650 perfectly and I couldn't be happier.  I am going to buy another in a different color
These underwear were supposed to be size 34, but I could barely shiny them up over my legs.  The fit was so tight that I could not wear them, even though all my other underwear is size 34 and fits fine. They are also made of a very thin and flies grade of cotton, and the fly does not provide enough overlap to keep everything where it belongs.  Of you must try these, buy them at least 2 sizes larger - but you would do better with another product
I bought these boots to go four wheeling in.  Not only are they perfect for that, they're still nice enough to wear out in public too.  Also another plus is that they are easy to clean, comfortable, and most importantly warm
These are the socks that I wear for lookout, as well as walking around at home.  They retain their shape after repeat washing, fit snugly without binding, and are supple on the feet.  The multi-sock pack is a value in itself and comes highly recommended
I find this a very suppurative bar for 38DD, and it's perfect for my low-cut decline stuff - most nursing brass are not low in front.  The snap are very strong, and I can use either washable or disposal pads with it.  The back is wide in order to support the low-cut top (by the way it looks more low-cut on me than in the picture).  I love the leopard
These garments were so thin as to not do many of the things one expects of underwear.
I have 6 pair of the Scout, and have had more that I have worn out!  They are the most comfortable scandal I have ever worn, and I am about to purchase another pair.  I am 76 years old, and have problems with balance and my back, and have had foot surgery, and the Scout keeps me moving
His case works fairly well.  Since it's a semi-rigid case, it helps keep your gear from being pressed on too much when thrown in a bag or backpack.  I wish there was a bit more adding on the inside and that the corner didn't press on the L and R buttons as much, but that's not too big of a deal.  You can fit two 3-game slim cases in the top pouch and still close the case.  Three is too snug.  There is no place for the charge, so you'll have to carry that elsewhere.  All around, a well-made case for a reasonable price
I HAVE BEEN WEARING THIS SANDALS SINCE THE was, WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY 
THEY ARE GREAT.......S. HAMM   FARNHAM, V
These briefs are just a pleasure to wear. They look and feel good, the fabric is smooth and comfortable,the design is superb with a low fit and a full and sex back. The narrow fit between the legs and the comfortable pouch cleverly lift up and shape your bulge - looks cool under jeans, and I also like the red waistband showing over low rise jeans. of should make a thing version. Your best briefs yet of
I have 2 pairs of this model shoe and love them.  After being a Like fan for years I decided to give something else a try.  His shoe is lightweight and very comfortable.  I also love the classic style.  And you can't complain about the nice price
His is nice looking,comfortable and true shoe size as mentioned. I am happy with this purchase
Took and feel great.  It my size 11 feet very well.  While many dress socks are too tight and uncomfortable, these seem to take the shape of your foot and cradle it.  Never thought I'd have much to say about socks, pro or con. Wish I'd known about these before I retired
The fabric and fit of this underwear is comfortable, and generally stays put. The back is slightly modest, but still flattering. The front pouch is also well designed. Some may find this brief to be more low cut than desired.  Generally, this an essential for anyone who likes variety and silk
I had been looking for these jeans in local stores.  One of them carry them in petite anymore. I was so glad to find them at this source!  Very good quality and the side-elastic is perfect for my fit.
I love this bathing suit. After searching everywhere for a suit that would cover my stomach and my thighs I found this one, and at a reasonable price no less. Comfortable material, doesn pitch. Recommend removing the bar pads when washing
Product, company, and most of all customer service is above reproach.  I received my jersey in record time, needed to exchange it for a different size, and still got it in time for my daughters birthday.  Will definitely do business with them again
His shoe is great. It even came with an extra pair of shoe strings that had a different design. The only thing that I felt it lacked was extra comfort. I wear Skechers and have done so for years and I have had other style that were more comfortable although this was not top comfort it was definitely bearable and did not hurt my feet. 
It was a great deal that I just couldn't pass up and definitely worth the price :
I'm very happy and impressed.  By last briefcase was stolen (along with everything in it), so I decided to make the best of it and treat myself to a bag I actually liked.  Looked at some very prices option at local stores and couldn't find anything with the style I was looking for.  

Took the risk and bought this over the internet (for significantly less $ than the others I was considering) and I am extremely happy with it.  

The case, even when full is not bulky, but stores a surprising amount.  There are open shots that hold both my notebook and my organizer, a slippered section for my files, two flat slippered sections for miscelanious papers, two 1/2 size pockets for holding my camera and a newspaper perfectly, shots for business cards and a pen organizer.  

Quality is great, thick leather, nice stitching.  By only minor complaint is the patches are magnetic.  I prefer the physical catch type as they are a little easier to latch without looking. 

I actually took some brown shoe polish to it right away to give it more of an aged patient and love it.  I also cut off the stupid cell-phone holder because I thought it was ugly, bulky, and I would never use it even if my phone fit.  

Overall I'm extremely happy with both the David King bag and Luggagepoint's service.  I would gladly buy from them again
Pajamas seem to be one of those products that is getting harder to find, as if people aren't using them any more. (Like bedsteads.) When I finally found a pair at Target and they fell apart after two washing. It was a relief to find these Good panama on Amazon. They are comfortable and solid made, just like the old days. It last
Shoes.com provided wonderfully fast service and a decent scandal price.  Too bad my feet are so impossible; my fault, not theirs!  A friend with a larger size and  medium width tells me she has worn hers "Large" scandal comfortably for 12 years.  They still look new, as evidenced by my ordering them after seeing how lovely they were when she wore them to a recent event.

Pass always produces a good product.  I ordered the "an distressed" and they are beautiful scandals, with sumptuous come soles.  They are adequately sturdy, while also enabling feet to still look dainty and shapely.  For the $30 which I paid, free postage, they are a fairly good buy.  

Nevertheless, these scandals are not perfectly comfortable for me, perhaps more my fault than theirs.  By advice to a person with small, narrow feet is that this product may not be exactly right.  The front straps are in a fixed position, as are most strap scandals, while the back ones are adjustable.  His said, the size 7 Marrow is not for a truly narrow foot, mainly due to the petitioning and size of the front straps.  

I will keep these scandals and can wear them "around," but on day trips or shopping I would probably not be able to endure the slight floppiness.  There is just a had too much give for my  foot.  Even the back strap isn't quite perfect for me, as it tends to force the foot forward when adjusted in the lightest position.  Met I need the very lightest buckle hole in order to keep the shoe on my foot at all.  

Would I have bought these had I been shopping in a store, where I could have tried them on?  Probably not.  But I've been to dozens of quality shoe stores already this summer, to no avail seeking my size in this type scandal. It one point, I went store-to-store at a huge outlet mall, hitting every place with shoes, including Pass itself.  It one store, Etienne Signer, I was so frustrated that I made the comment that they no longer carried either my size or my style.  When the salesman heard I wore a narrow, she said, "Oh we'll, never go back to THOSE again."  It seems as if most stores consider customers with dainty, narrow feet an deity, not deserving to find shoes at all.   To perhaps, in spite of my dissatisfaction with the scandals in question, I did well by ordering them.
WOW!  I can't believe after so many years of pulling and tugging and cursing my brass, I've finally found something that I don't have to touch again once I put it on.  His is not a pretty bar.  I did not buy it to be pretty - I bought it to hold up my 42 c luggage!  I can't say enough positive about this bar.  I haven't had the problems with it that others have had - broken underwires, etc.  I even put mine in a lingered bag and wash it in the washing machine.  I only bought one six months ago and bought FOUR more today.  The bar I bought six months ago is as suppurative today as it was the day I got it this spring.  And I LOVE the way my chest looks in any shirt I've put on over this bar
Arrived very fast.  Double stitched in stress areas of candles.  Looks very sturdy.  Am happy with the purchase.  Thank you.
May beyond my expectations.  Exceptionally fine cotton, changes colors in the light, great fit, absolutely beautiful--great delivery.  Thanks so much
His was a poorly made product.  Even when left still on a table, North took about 2 min to locate - something unable for most people who are out on the run and need to know where North is, NOW.  Also it advertised a thermometer on the packing, but there wasn't one I could find.  I ended up returning this for a full refund
His bag gets the job done, looks nice and is unable.  By only complaint it that the straps could be longer so it could go over my shoulder
The product came very quickly - packed very nicely and is great!  Very impressed, would definitely purchase again
I recently purchased one 100% cotton oxford in blue, and one of the 60/40 blend in white. The shirts arrived in three days, and were of excellent quality. The fabric is not soft, and not scratch, and is dress enough to wear with a sport coat or simply a tie, and casual enough to wear as simply a shirt. 

The price is excellent for the value. The only negative is for those of us with larger necks and longer arms, the choice of colors is limited to white and blue.
While it's hard to have about underwear, these deserve it.  They are by far the most comfortable I own
Father than throwing your change in a coffee can and eventually giving Coinstar 7%, use this well-made item.  It will last for years, holds well over $5 in change and keeps coins out of the elusive looks in your pockets
I bought these jeans for my husband and he loves them and so do I.  They look great, and still look fresh after many months of washing.  Would buy again
Though I really liked Bravado! brass for my nursing my first baby, I decided to try these with my second. The fabric is very soft, stretch and comfortable and wishes well. The packing for this one says you can put it in the dwyer and so far (4 months) it's failed well. It's great for sleeping in during the early weeks when you really need something to hold yourself and the breastpads in. But if you're over a B or C cup, it's probably not your best choice for daywear except around the house. Cry Medelas other brass for that. Of your at the top end of the range for your size, go ahead and get the next size up as they do run a little small
The New Balance Men's M587 Running Shoe has been an excellent running shoe.  It has a built in collar that prevent skin-splints and the shoes are extremely comfortable to run-in.  I have been buying this shoe for over four years and two employments to Ran.  I recommend this shoe to any runner that runs 4-5 times a week.
I spent less on 3 of these dresses (purchased for 3 bridesmaids) than I spent on 1 dress I wore in a different wedding that I will NEVER be able to wear again!  His dress is gorgeous and I can wear it again for a night out with my of.

The dresses were shipped VERY quickly, arriving in less than a week.  1 was on backorder and that arrived just 1 week after the initial order was placed.

Giving is generous, so the dresses fit a bit loose than regular dress sizes and can easily be altered down.  Of you don't want to bother with alterations, the PacificPlex return policy is fabulous and their customer service is outstanding.
These are the best fitting, and most comfortable shoe I have ever purchased.  Thank God for the Birkenstock footmen!!
I purchased this toilet case for my son's year abroad.
He needed something larger than the usual kit and this
was perfect - it is large enough for shaving cream and 
lots of other needed items, is washable and folds flat when not
in use
When I first purchased a bell band, it was with my st pregnancy and I was still very small in frame to fit into ANY paternity clothes, but my old clothes just didn't fit. I reluctantly bought a bell band (at a salesperson's suggestion) thinking that it would be one of those products that I would come to regret spending so much money on. Surprisingly, it was the best thing I purchased when I was pregnant. I actually was able to get away with not buying any paternity clothes and just wearing my old clothing but with the parts or jeans snipped and unbuttoned. In the last month, however, I had to wear more stretch clothes- even my jeans would not fit with the bell band. But it is great because you can have it week out from under the shirt you are wearing for a layer look. It is just a great product. An't say enough good things about it. I am now pregnant with my and child and have used the same bell band. It really keeps its elasticity. Overall, it was really worth it's weight in gold because I saved myself from buying so many paternity clothes
I live up in the mountains in a state that is ferociously cold when Winter roads in, and it has been doubly so in the last month: temperatures have dipped down into the subvert icebox range, to the point where I feel like Nook of the North, tempted to bundle up with a balaclava, buy a led, hire a team of hussies, and go pushing across the frozen highways and streets. 

I don't mind it. Actually, as a refugee from NYC (which post-9/11 and the Bloomberg anti-Smoking Paris is not half the brazen City it once was), I chose Utah because of the snow, the mountains, the free & easy gun laws, fewer people, and skin. But what I don't dig is the Arctic temperatures, especially because I have an evening cigar outside every night, and it happens the delights of cigar-smoking to have your face and eyeball freeze. 

That to do? 

I took a page from the strategy-book of Chiapan Revolutionary & mask-wearing bandit SubCommandante Marcus, who wears his hairy woolly black face-shouting balaclava wherever he goes. I dig the SubCommandante; dig his style, dig his stature, dig his designer was, dig his Listening Your about the country taken on a black motorbike, a kind of must century homage to The. Fig all if it, Comrade, you know? 

But what I dig most of all is his ability to light & smoke his stage through the little mouth-hole in his black balaclava. He does this all the time: there's SubCommandante, with his stage, and he's got it sticking out of the little mouthhole, puffing away on it merrily. 

To I figured: if it works for Ll Were down in Chiapas where it's 105 degrees in the shade, it probably will work wonders for me up in the mountains of Utah, where it's 5 below zero beneath the moon? A venceremos! 

Sure enough, I'm digging it: I can go outside, smoke my cigar to my heart's content, and have a toast face that doesn't freeze & splinter in the subvert frere winter blast. All well & good, even though after a few head puffs the little mouth aperture gets a wee had bit sticky, but oh well, that's what a washing machine was made for. Also, the ski-mask is well made, solid sewn, and no doubt would be awesome for a cold-weather counterinsurgency. 

That said, there is one big drawback: every time I wear the thing, I have an urge to carry out guerrilla warfare against the bourgeois pig McMansion owner over the fence. 

of
Round them easy enough on the web site, I received the item pretty quickly and my wife loves them.  That makes her day, and that's just fine with me.  :
I bought this for my 1 1/2 year old to wear while we were in Hawaii on vacation.  It provided lots of sun protection - for his face, head, ears, and neck.  It also stayed on with the tie straps, even though some days were quite windy.  He now wears the hat each time we go for a walk.  It is a good substitute for, or in addition to putting sunscreen on.   It is a high quality hat
The shoe pouch works great on both my asia and Pearl Izumis. I haven had any trouble celebrating or anything. Its also very sleek and non- unobtrusive
All American Apparel clothes are quality- the cotton is always soon soft and the designs are simple but nice and true to size.  Plus you can feel good about purchasing products made by Americans/ Sweat Shop Free
I use to own of. School's exercise scandals back in 1982 and at the time they use to be 19.99. I wore the scandals every day and gradually got my calf in better shape, no hip or back problems. I eventually worn them out by 1986 and had a hard time finding them since then, until I searched Amazon.com and found them again and the price is still reasonable. I love the navy and the white colors. I put mine in my wish list for my birthday or mothers' day.
 here is how you measure. put you foot ( if even doesn't matter with foot, if uneven use the longer foot to determine your size). take a 11x12 paper and make two marks one at the heel and one at the big toe then look at the chart put your finger on the inches (foot measurement) and run across  to see your size. remember these scandals only run in whole sizes, so if your half go up one. also know your width

Women:
Size  Inches   of 
4      8      21 
4     8      21.6 
5      8 5/8   21.9 
5     8      22.2 
6      9       22.9 
6     9 1/8   23.2 
7      9      23.5 
7     9      24.1 
8      9 5/8   24.4 
8     9      24.8 
9      10      25.4 
9     10 1/8  25.7 
10     10     26 
10    10     26.7 
11     10 5/8  27 
12     11      27.9 
13     11     28.6 

I hope this helps you to determine your size. I wear 8 1/2 in shoes, I measured my foot and it is 10 inches. I ran my finger across the chart and found my size, so, the scandals I need a 9 in Or. schools.
remember each manufacture is different in their sizes, so , measure up. ;
I use these for snowboarding and they work ok. They usually get soaked though, but they were  cheap so it's ok
His is a sharp pair of semi-boots. The wedge heel is just the right height to wear all day. I think they run a half size large, so the size 7 ( my regular size) slipped a bit at the heel. Hearing a heavy pair of socks with them helped immensely. I really like this pair and will wear them often
His is the second pair of Chameleons that I have owned.  The first pair lasted 3 years.  They are comfortable, yet sturdy.  The slip right on and still offer great support.  I use them for everyday wear, however I'm sure they would make great running/crosstraining shoes as well
The dress was perfect for our wedding's flower girls.  The dresses run really large so the seller should post the measurement on the site because it did take a little bit of time to get the measurement.  Once shipped received super fast.  Thanks
It is just what I was looking for.  Slim but has lots of room for credit cards etc
These shoes are very comfortable and easy to wear. I love these shoes. I bought another pair in blue and beige. I wear them for exercising such as walking
I have one of these in every color and wear nothing else. The perfect bar if you want to make the cup-size you have look great, not bigger. To comfortable too
these scandals are as comfortable as they are beautiful.  the color is a soft gold that can be worn with many different outfits and the material is soft against the foot
I love my PRADA bag!  Seems genuine to me, ladies and agents.  That a neat wedding shower gift this would make for the bride to take on her honeymoon!  His beach tone is adorable and well made.  Even though it's plastic, the trim is a bright red leather that looks great.  I wish they still had the FISH one in stock, I might get that, too.  

The bag is HUGE and came package in a GINORMOUS box. Even though the other reviews mentioned the size, I still was not prepared.  The bag is one large compartment with no "interior" compartments, so it's practical for a day at the beach.  I can fit a huge beach towel, scandals, a book, my INSTYLE magazine, sunblock, a water bottle, and a whistle inside.  You'll definitely want to bring a separate "whistle" or wallet/coin purse along with you to keep inside.  I can't wait to bring this bag on my honeymoon!  

The sandbag came with an authentication card, the original ITALIAN price tag (it really WAS 500 Burns!), and a dust bag for storage.  It looks genuine with the "PRADA" triangle tag on one side and a leather "PRADA label inside the bag... the laboring is subtle and not at all "in your face".  Perfect gift!  The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating is that I would have preferred the FISH one with the orange trim, but I think it's out of stock.  Still, this is an unimaginably great price for a Trade bag.  Happy Shopping!
Great price but I suspect most people will want to pay a little more and get a better quality cap.  Like another reviewed, my cap also arrived a little too large (I'm going to try his suggestion of machine washing & drying it)
His shoe is true to fit in every way.  It's very comfortable and secure feeling.  I can wear the shoes all day and never feel any discomfort.  I bought them in black and they look really nice with any slack
The seller shipped my purchase quickly.  Garters is my favorite brand for baby clothes.  Unable, 100% cotton and cut.  I gave these as a gift in a baby shower and the new mother loved them
These socks are comfortable, wear well and are reasonably prices. In short, they are exactly what I have been looking for and I am pleased to finally locate them
These were replacing the same thing so I knew what I was getting.
Fool side they are the greatest scandals or maybe even just lounging around. Adidas makes pretty good stuff.
Side size is wide; color of raising is really burgundy; shoes cut a little high, but with insert are quite comfortable for office wear; not recommended for long walks
I've been running in Sick shoes for more than 10 years.  The of series continues to provide good fit and comfort
Excellent case to protect your upon. The rubber smells weird at first, but it fades away eventually. On't buy a cheap case and get this one
I was surprised at how fast the item came.  It was high quality canvas, very sturdy and made for an excellent present.  I recommend this item for anyone hunting for a quick bag for work, shore, shopping, etc
His is the kind of shirt which you get what you pay for. The material isn't that bad; well-made. The style is okay, looking smart but not weeks.
It's good value though
I was very pleased with this outfit. The pieces were all lined, which is very rare these days. The pieces were well made and very attractive. I will be buying more from this clothing line in the future
I Like the gloves, but agree, too many tags at the outside of them and I'll hope a little more quality in the color of the leather used in the side of the palm, it is black and at the borders looks like it was used blue
His was purchased for my daughter to wear in my wedding, it was a hit.  The was beautiful and the dress was stunning. I actually ordered from this seller again
These shoes are comfortable, stable and pretty. They sort of have a spanish dancer look to them with the way the heel is wider at the top. I got a lot of compliments on them. Piperlime said they ran large so I ordered a half size larger and they fit well.
I do a whole lot of walking in the city where some places it's just quicker and more convenient to walk to certain places. Of you do a lot of running or walking, you'll notice a difference in the feel of these shoes compared to other bands. There's no gimmicky air bubbles or springs; just comfort and support with a style of shoe that goes with anything you wear. It also comes in wide sizes
many people said this shoes is very comfort but it wasn't for me. I feel little....I don't know.... it is little narrow and the heel is not balanced?????
Delivery was quick and all packages arrived in good shape. He have not yet used the merchandise to rate the product. It appears to be of sufficient quality
I entitled the review "Cautiously Optimistic" because of the relatively short period of time I have worn this garment and I am still reserving a bit of judgement regarding its disability.  Having stated that, I have been very impressed with the support of this bar.

Having a larger-than-average chest size (the bar I purchased was an "f" cup) I have become accustomed to purchasing brass which offer support initially only to, if you'll pardon the put, let me down within a week or so of wearing them.  "Misha" has offered solid support.  His bar has liked my bosom up and kept it up all day.  I have not experienced any lagging or shifting of the garment.

Is I mentioned the support is excellent, it has even passed the "jingle test".  Of I have to hurry somewhere or, heaven forbid, break into a joy "the girls" stay where they ought offering no threat of injury to me or any innocent passed-by.  The side supports are, no doubt part of the reason for the bar's effectiveness but they can pinch a bit.  In short, it feels GOOD to take the bar off at the end of the day.  I do not however fantasize about slipping out of it at lunchtime to ease aching shoulders or alleviate pain as I have with some others.

A bar is, quite naturally, a very personal garment and therefore difficult to recommend but I do recommend this bar for large-dusted women.  I would happily trade the scores of $30-$40 dollar "mistakes" for this style.
His attached case is perfect for my court appearances, when I go to court to take notes for my employer.  It has plenty of room for my notes and court documents, a small bottle of water, my personal identification, car keys, cell phone, camera, etc., etc.

I could not be happier than I am with this purchase, and, besides that, the case is far easier to carry than a purse, because I can put all I need to carry right inside.

Thanks a lot for a great attached case
High quality product, great customer service, fast shipping.  Only problem was that the seizing was not very clear on the web page, but after calling them, every thing was fine
I'm really pleased with this card holder wallet.  It is just what I've been looking for.  It is nice and thin so it fits easily in my bag.  It organized 20+ cards and has room to store extra behind each side.  It is nice quality and a great price.  Very pleased with my purchase
I was very pleased with this selection of men's swimsuits. I bought a Black, Red and also a White. I am a very pick person but am very satisfied with my selecting Speed
I love these shoes. Steve Sadden had a pair that I was eying exactly like this but, they are about $50 more. Definitely a good buy for the money. The inside has a nice cushion and is very come.
Cross Layman are awesome!!! You don't even feel that you're wearing them.
It's the best kind of shoe for the beach's activities.
Cashmere feels and lays like no other fabric.   Of you can only have one cashier item, I suggest this shawl, it is light weight and warm.   You will look chin wrapped cashier.
These are great jeans.  By 4 year old son has now begun crawling around while playing with his cars, these jeans hold out for a very long time.  I will get these and Old Navy jeans any day!
Not my scandals a couple of weeks ago.The comfort of Birkenstock& great value, cost me less than half of what they cost here. Thank you Amazon
I just received my wallet today and must say that I am very disappointed.
First of all, it doesn't have enough compartments.  It might be ok for someone who only carries an of and 4 additional cards and nothing else. The card shots are very tight and not made to fit more than one card in the same slot.  There is no spare key holder and no storage behind the of card window.  The fabric inside the billfold is so thin you can see right through it.  His wallet is cheaply made, unlike the Fossil I currently own, which has held up for over 5 years.  That a waste of an Amazon.com gift certificate
I bought these cause I wanted the look of a point told shoes but as a boot and I absolutely LOVE them!  They are VERY comfortable.  With my experience with point told shoes I have learned to buy a 1/2 bigger than my regular shoes size, which is 8 1/2.  I I bought a 9 and they are perfect!  I also have wide feet and they are great for persons with wide feet because they stretch, but don't make it look like you trying to squeeze into shoes too small!

Of you are in the market for boots and like the stilhetto look!  These are PERFECT!

Happy shoe shopping
Said $20 for this set, awesome deal.  By 16 year old daughter loves them, and she is VERY hard to please with clothes.  Good quality.  (Didn't tell her I only paid $20 for them naturally) ;
His bar fits very well (I found it fit very true to size) and offers great support.  I'd much rather pay this price than the outrageous prices I've paid for sports brass in the past that have offered no where near the support.  It has held up well while logging.
By favorite New Balance shoes were discontinued so I decided to give these a try. They are even more comfortable than my old favorites! I like that they are very lightweight and dip down a bit so they don't rub against my ankles. The pobox is nice and wide so when you are walking all day (as I was on vacation) your feet stay comfortable, no rubbing or blisters.
Once while traveling, I had a big blister on my heel and needed something that wouldn't rub my heel. I happened to get a pair of Cross since the strap can be moved forward to look like trim over the front. I was pleasantly surprised by the Cross - very cushions soft, like walking on air. Also the material is insulating enough to keep your feet warm yet the air holes ventilate enough that your feet don't get sweat either. 

I originally got the Cross for temporary use but now I look forward to slipping into them everyday when I get home. It's wonderful to feel such fashioning on my feet with every step. They've replaced my slippers, mocassins, surf shoes and scandals.
These are great! By son loves them.  They appear to be of good quality and should last a long time.  I'm wondering how long they'll flash for, but so far so good!
I've been looking for black sport socks for a long time!  Finally, a black comfortable, bushy sport sock of medium thickness.  I'm completely satisfied
These are the best "over the calf" tube socks I have ever purchased.  I plan to buy more of them
It was sent to me on time. And the product corresponds to my expectations.
Thank you
A fun, lightweight swede jacket. It is 100% leather and requires professional cleaning. I bought the period which is not as vagrant as pictured but is still a versatile, multi-seasonal color. I usually wear an 8 and ordered a Medium which fit perfectly in length and width, even through the arms. It just under twenty dollars, this jacket adds color and flair to a variety of outfits
I ordered the black one. According to the photo provided, it was supposed to be black with white seams, but when i received it, it was all black. Once I put it on it fitted perfectly. But it is simply too difficult to put on even though it is the right size.
These parts come cut to Open., easy to fit. They are very well made and have held up well through many wearing and Cry Leaning. Highly Recommended
...the shoes weren't quite what I thought they would be, although for 40 bucks I probably shouldn't have been expecting the highest quality pump. They looked a bit cheap, and on top of it all, they were too small for me. There was no return slip in the package, no number to call, no way to send the shoes back to make a return, so now I'm stuck with 40 dollar cheap looking shoes that no one but my little nieces can fit into--and they're a bit too young to be dressing like ladies of the evening. By fault for buying shoes at a place called "Hollywood Feel," I should have known better.
I will say this though, I like the thin heel and the shoes came in a timely fashion. Of I could fit them, I'd give them a 2-2 1/2 for that alone
I bought these parts recently and I notice that I do more sundry so that I'll be able to wear THESE parts to as many you classes as possible. They are awesome
I bought these slippers for my daughter for Christmas, but I find myself slipping them on when she is not home.  They are so comfortable and so soft...she loves them,as do I
The one thing I can say is that the shoe squeeze each step I take.  That gets a bit annoying.  By sister bought these shoes in a department store for probably near double what I did and her's do not seek.  I don't know if it's possible to get lesser quality with the price you may on Amazon but I wonder.  Once I get past the seek, I love them.  They came quite fast as well, five stars on that department
His is a very decent accessory package; the charges work very well and are incredibly convenient compared to the bulky Toshiba charge. The belt clip feels a little flies but it has held tight. The silicone skin works; it doesn't fit perfectly and it doesn't cover the screen, of course, but it keeps the body from getting scratched. The removable stand is great for video viewing
I ordered a pair of short, they fit exactly how I wanted them to, and they were here in no time
I have always bought the knock off birkenstocks, and getting a few months of occasional wearing and the first few times wearing them having listened feet and toes. With the birkenstocks from birkenstock I have never been happier with any pair of shoes they are like slippers they keep my feet toast warm and slid on and off with ease. I have been wearing them every day since christmas and not one blister and my arches feel great! They are so comfortable and totally worth the price I am a name brand buyer (for birkenstocks least) now. I know you will be happy too.
These socks are lawless. Extremely comfortable, you can wear them all day and the cotton allows your feet to breath while the non ensures that your socks never droop. They wear like iron, never had a hole after many years of use
His bar is labelled as "Frankly Fabulous" but is really the "It to be Cried" bar.  I have been wearing the "It to be Cried" bar for many years.  By old ones are getting tattered so I needed some new ones.  The bar offers good shaping and support.  By only beef is that one of the three brass I ordered squeaky.  It looks like they have replaced the metal connections with plastic pieces and I think the plastic is what is squeaking (not sure of that though)
I love this boot, not only is it comfortable, but it is very stylish as well
I bought this dress for my bridges maid. It is plain, which is what I like. The fit was pretty good. I would say that is runs a little big in the sizes. 
I got the one they call champagne, but it is actually more a gold.
You can't beat the price
I got a good deal on these so I might be based by that.  They are extremely well-made, and just a little bit fashionable looking for a basically conservative style.  They felt extremely comfortable for new loafer - like most loafer (on me) they pinch a little bit in the arch, but less so than almost any others I've ever bought.  A good buy
Up, they're pretty much the regular victor.  They fit my face after a little taking (which is no easy feat).  One pair did come with a cracked lens, but I have remained the company and hope to hear a response soon.  Good Real Too!!
These are the best parts I own. Great price too. I just ordered another pair in a different color
After visiting with 2 other commits that had Puffs, I decided to purchase one for our burdening family---Supercool!  Lightweight, waterproof, many choice with pattern, love the carry strap thing. Mind of wish the straps were part of the blanket itself, but I understand that it would compromise the waterproof backing.  He careful when pulling off the mac tag, can tear the stitches!  
Great product overall, we think!
MauiMommie23
His top is great. It is of soft and stretch. The only down side would be the cleaning recommendations (hand-washing). It does seem to be a fragile shirt, but it is so come I now have two
He love Stride Bites for our boys because of the quality, fit and comfort.  I bought this particular model because of the sale price.  I wasn't sure how well these would stay on because there is just one thin strap and less velcro compared to other models.  They fit very securely, however, and were quite good looking--better than my impression from the photo.  By son loved them and wore them daily.  They were still holding up well when he grew out of them.  I am ordering another pair in the next size up.
By last 3 non wallet have been non and I just got use to having one in my back pocket. When my last one was getting a little old I started looking for a replacement but was unable to find one locally.  I did a goose search and found Amazon again and low and behold a wallet that looked just like what I use to have. I was a little resistant at first but for the price I decided to order 2, I hate returning things and if it's right I take 2!  When they came I was happy, they were exactly what I wanted with an extra velcroed pocket inside.  Of you never tried a non wallet but have wanted to, you ought to give this one a try.  Of you are the type of guy who likes to show off 10 pictures of his children, car, wife or girlfriend this isn't for you, it doesn't come with a multi-plastic picture older.  Of you want a secure rugged container for all your wallet valuables, here's one for you! There's even a veto strip to keep your wallet closed shut, a nice added feature that will allow you to take your wallet out in total darkness without being afraid you might loose something from inside, even if you drop your wallet. I could see where this would be a good wallet for our men and women in our armed services.  Also for any outdoor enthusiast or worker or anyone who might just want a secure wallet. Neck, the black might even go with a tax
His bag is very stylish and also very functional.  The interior pockets for pens and cards come in so handy.  I highly recommend this bag
Quiksilver quality at an excellent price.  I was thoroughly satisfied with the fit, style and construction and wouldn't hesitate to order again
I - I bought this for my little seven year old grandson and he was thrilled.  Thank you
These socks really make a difference in comfort during outdoor activities. I even wear them around the house because they are way more comfortable then my everyday cotton crew socks
I have looked everywhere for desert boots without any luck.  They did not seem to exist anymore.  His was a shoe that I had worn forever.  In a whim I checked Amazon and was pleasantly surprised to find these shoes.  They are exactly what I wanted.  Great shoe, great service
great product. shoes didn't fit and return was easy. no problems at al
The nipples didn't really work for me and they were painful to remove
His wallet was exactly as described. I've been using mine for a couple of months and I'm very pleased. I'm ordering a couple more for presents.
His is a fun shoe to wear for intermediate exercise such as Dilates. It is comfortable, provides fashioning like a grm shoe and is much more stylish than a regular grm shoe. I also wear them when I want a dresser shoe, but am going to be on my feet for awhile
Now to review a sweatshirt...

I like Adidas fleecy sweatshirts like this.  They've got good colors, don't fade much if you wash them properly, and they're stylish.  Of this type, I picked up a vagrant orange one which lets people see me from about 30 miles away, and a grey one.  The log isn't overbearing... it's just enough to say it's a good brand.  But more than anything, this... is... so... soft.  With the fall and winter coming up, I'm glad I have my fleecy sweatshirts.  Although... technically there are others that are great too.  But... these are great cause' I also matched them perfectly with several Adidas headbands.    

And that is my review on this sweatshirt.  It's soft and warm; perfect if you went to the grm for a work-out, showered, and want something soft for the way home.
I ordered and received (early) two 'asserted' pair on a lark. good price. I like that they gave me one pair of shake and one pair of charcoal, nice. Delivery in far less time than predicted. Vice. 

However.
[...]

I'm not one to bubble over this, esp. for this price, but I know plenty of people who would be outraged. They got lucky with me. And yes, both have some of the knit loops hanging out loosely. I'm going to take my chances that they don't turn into holes within a few months
Feels nice, snug fit.  Very clear plastic overlay protects the screen and the buttons make the e-200 series buttons easier to push
I bought my wife the set and she loves it, everything from Figleaves has been great
I wear a lot of Rockport shoes. Almost exclusively. I was very disappointed in these shoes. They are the same "size" as all of the other Rockports I have, yet they are too small
I've searched everywhere for these nipper wallet. Its just something I honestly think is very hard to find. I stumbled across this particular one listed above and I just had to have it. Its perfect! The feel of the leather is super soft, had the lip id holder, dual money pockets, along with the coin pouch. Not to mention, its at an amazing low price! Of you are ensure whether to buy this wallet or not... don't be. His is the one for you
I must admit I probably wouldn't buy a shoe this good if it wasn't 50%+ off.  I've put some miles in on a treadmill at the grm and outside on pavement.  Very comfortable to run in, providing stable footing and extreme fashioning.  They seem to be saving me from some of the normal knee and back pain I get running in my 4 or old of's.  Would be great for cross country, because the tread are somewhat hobby. Not too hobby to use on the treadmill so I'd have to say they are a great all around running shoe and are A+ for outdoor/x-country or winter running.  The cortex weather drooping didn't make my feet too hot.  Probably an overall if you don't plan to use them for running, the hobby tread can make you trip if you're just walking, etc.  I haven't used them in bad weather but I would imagine they would be great for running in rain/snow/ice conditions.  I purchased the size I normally wear and the fit was perfect.  Is tradition proves, Adidas are like New Balance in that they are a better fit for a wider foot
I have had plenty of pairs of Of's but these are not the best for me........... they are not come and they tend to be a little tough to break in. Is soon as I put them on and took ONE STEP ---- there right across the top of the shoe is a nice big crease......... It does not look nice and I am "picked" about that...........plus I didn expect the faces to have green and maroon colors mixed into the brown faces...... it looks work!

Plus I have a manufacturing flaw in them.  Inside the heel the seat isn quite right and it rubs my skin and hurts like neck! 

Hopefully the next model I get isn like the or they are going back....... Putting up with these for now.......
Works just as advertised.  By wife is using it with her Like Upon sport and is very pleased with it
I've been taking photo of women in sex clothes and no clothes for a long time, so when I got a chance to shoot my twin sister and three of her sex friends in various kinds of sex undergarments, how could I refuse. There were lots of sex things, things, brass, see through eighties, at the party, but I think the real hit, what my lenses loved the most was this set. There is just something about the idea of Wonder Woman that is just so hot. But a girl in these and she just looks like dynamite and you can wear these everyday. You don't need a guy around to look sex for, you can do it just for yourself
His good case is not only cut, but highly functional.  It is made of medium grade leather and is available in great colors... with a clear shield to protect the precious screen, a belt clip, cut-out for your headphones and locking station attachments, and a detachable "kick-stand" so you can view moves and slideshows of your photo.  It is a bit more expensive than some of the others for sale, but I am a firm believer that you GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!  I have 2... in baby pink and black, grab one
Good quality workmanship, very authentic looking and sizes are easy to fit. 

I would buy another one. 


robert
A year or so ago, I bought several of these on sale.  They are poorly sized (I have 4XT), far too tight for a big man like me to wear comfortably.  Maybe you could order several sizes too big to get a good fit, but unless you want everyone to see every roll of fat, I'd avoid buying these
His is the standard style from the new line of Performance locks from Like. His waistband is slightly smaller than the traditional 3 inch, but very comfortable. The pouch fits nice and snug giving you perfect support and the leg straps don't twist or bind. Easy to under and pretty expensive. I got rid of my old worn-out locks and bought a few of these new ones. They're masculine, modern and comfortable, but not something that would be embarrassing putting on or taking off at the grm (like an orange or blue lock). A good buy.  Comes in a black version, that is also great.  I've worn for working out, and just around town - good for both.
I have been happy with the performance of this bar in terms of control, but the fabric is not the contest. Washing hasn't softened it, but it's not intolerable.
I have started water walking in the fitness center pool and found i was slipping enough  to bother me.  His shoe fits like a glove and is very expensive to use.  I would recommend it to anyone desiring to use it for this purpose or any other water related activity.  I am certain it would be great at the beach, etc
The jacket itself its well made. BUT they sent a jacket with different colors and it does not look as nice as the one in the picture..
His scarf is lovely - the color is just as it looked on line, the texture is soft.  I'm very pleased with it
I bought this for my daughter and sons for hiding, camp, bike riding, etc. His is one of the greatest busy. It brings things beyond water
I love the shoes.  Aerosoles makes a great product.  I did not like the white stitching down the front of the shoes but it was an easy fix with black shoe polish.  I enjoyed the shoes so much that I bought a second pair
I had a big newton and these were too big for her little legs at first, but they fit great and are among the few socks/dooties/shoes that stay on for a long time, are soft, cut and go with many outfits. They have battles in them, so they are like a toy, too. Room cut!!! I love them
I bought this belt for my daughter in-law for Christmas and she loved it
I have been very pleased with this item.  It is well made and is comfortable
I would definitely buy this product again and again, and Amazon is a wonderful place to purchase any type of product.  Great customer service, fast shipping, excellent prices.  The product was perfect.  Thanks
In the picture it shows of this bar it looked as if it was low cut and comfortable, but it shows it in a smaller size than the one I wear, so once I opened the box I was very surprised that it was so huge and cumbersome. It could not possibly be worn with a low cut top, which is why I bought it. Of you were a size and or above, beware
I purchased this item for my granddaughter who is 13 for use with her Intend of Site. The case does not fit at all and I have had to search for a different type of case to fit her game
Good quality for the great price.  Ought for my 10 year old son and should fit perfect.  Stem was on backorder but still received in less than a week
I purchased this expecting a high quality Latin robe, but what I received was a run of the mild polyester robe. Yes, it is shiny, but it feel like plastic.

Badly, this will be returned
His jazz shoe was good for me because I'm just a beginner and I probably won't continue this for long. It has been unable. The only thing I don't like is the fact that the get pretty dirty due to the fabric, lots of lint and such gets stuck to them. Of you are an in between size I would suggest going to the smaller size because I chose larger and they are really too big. Other than that, the shoe is comfortable and functions great for my usage
Incredible boots accomodating an appealing/aggressive style as well as providing great comfort for your feet on all terrain.
He have several pieces of Anyway luggage, including this model.  All of them take a beating and still look and work great, so I was surprised by the other reviewed's problem. Our shippers work very smoothly, including the interior ones, and the nipper pulls are generously-sized with rubber insects.  Any bags just use thin metal ones that quickly break off after rough handling at airport.

In addition to the sturdiness and ability to retain it's good looks, the organization of the bags are clever and you can choose from some unusual colors, making it unlikely anyone can mistake your bag for theirs
It well.  Great for all kinds of athletic workouts.  I'm ready to buy a couple more pairs
Yes, the bar runs small in the cup area.  However, that's what the bar is supposed to do.  I'm a D cup and this bar makes it possible to wear tighter fitted, button down shirts without the buttons bulging & making my chest feel like it's being crushed.  

Recommended for the larger chester folks
I have to say, those cross are the best. they are super coin, and light... I recommend them
I bought these slippers for my husband at Christmas time.  I thought if I 
spent $50 on slippers they would last a long time, and be made very well.
I was wrong.  The slippers look good, and the upper leather is very nice
but the sole is a cheap, thin foam.  Of you bend it, it snap.  You would 
expect to find this on a cheap, $2 lip flop.  I was very disappointed.  I bought my husband a cheap $2 pair of swede slippers in Palmar that were just as nice with a thick rubber sole.
I was very disappointed when I opened the package from GemAvenue.  Were's why:

1.  The ear puffs are of a very LOW Quality.  Hardly worth the $14.99 GemAvenue (hats) charged me for it.
      $0.99 would have been a fair deal.

2.  The ear puffs were advertised as being new but it had a definite "second hand" feel to it.  It reminded me 
      of opened merchandise from the Salvation Army Tore!!!  To Joke.  In fact there were no tags on it at all to 
      inform me of where it was made, what it was made of, washing instructions, etc.  it did not even have the 
      name of the manufacturer!!!!

3.  The plastic band felt very fragile like it would break with the slightest pressure.  Adjusting the width was 
      nerve-racking because I had to be very careful not to break it!

4.  The "wool"(?) had a very SYNTHETIC feel to it.  Furthermore it was spare and flat.... NOT warm and fully.  I  
      doubt very much it is sheepskin as claimed by GemAvenue.  Besides, there was no tag to indicate that
      it want in fact some sort of CHEAP polyester.

5.  I tried it on and it did NOT cover my ears completely, so you can be sure its NOT going to keep my ears  
     warm at all.

of CONCLUSION,  this product is NOT NEW, NOT SOFT, NOT WARM, NOT GENUINE SHEEPSKIN!!!

That more can I say?  I am just disgusted at Dem Avenue (hats) for selling me this rip off useless piece of JUNK!!!  I will NEVER buy anything from Dem Avenue (hats) EVER again!!
I just got my pair of scandals.I regret I didn read the customer review before buying. Although very cut and trend candles, but are very uncomfortable
When I first got the scandals it was a pain to have on. They have these brussels on the sole of the foot so it was uncomfortable for a couple of days but I guess they softened up and now I wear them like everyday with socks and with out. The are very comfortable and not much else, because they are just candles. Very good quality too, very unable... A MUST BUY... (Of you need scandals
The clear/colored picture of a monster on this sandbag...which you can't tell from the picture. Mind weird
His nightgown is very comfortable as well as pretty. I am completely satisfied with my purchase
I broke through the toe on the second wearing.  House product
By search for the perfect grm bag is like my search for the perfect hair drying, you mat, organizing products, garlic press (Bliss) etc. Fortunately, my search for the perfect grm bag is officially over. The Go Pocket Bag is brilliant and the inventor should get some sort of award. K.R.T. Greeley's review sums it up pretty well, but here are a few things to add. For one thing, the shoe area also nicely accommodate a hair dwyer or curling iron. One of the reasons this matters is that it points up a critical advantage of the shelf separating the shoe area from the upper part of the bag: while the shelf is sturdy, it's also adjustable. It goes only low enough to allow for a pair of shoes, but it can also be raised to allow for other items. 

Next, while it's very nice that the front end panel has all these handy little pockets for things like shampoo, brush, and whatnot, actually including container that fit the pockets shows a real consideration for their users. Another plus is the number of outside pockets, several of which are not only slippered but waterproof as well, for, say, wet bathing suits. 

Before I bought this bag, I called my grm and yes, I really did make them go measure the width of their workers. The magic number was 12". It 8", the Go bag fits in with room to spare. 

For raqueteers (sports, not crime), there are several loops on one of the end panel for holding jacques and a couple of others I haven't quite figured out yet. 

For boris and yoginis, yes, the adjustable strap on the end panel can accommodate a you mat, if it's not too thick. 

In outer side pocket nicely accommodate my lookout journal (yes, I'm a fanatical record keeper), as well as my beloved NewGrips (just do a search on NewGrip) which are indispensable for rowing (notoriously hard on the hands) and weight-lifting (and about a billion other things for those of us with carpal tunnel, arthritis, or, in my case, both). Another outside pocket is perfect for a of player and headphones. 

The only improvement I can imagine for this bag would be adjustable straps on the bottom to hold larger, rolled towels or mats. Unfortunately, even Title doesn't seem to carry that one anymore. 

In other words, this bag is the best on the market. It's a bit prices but it's worth absolutely every cent. I suspect that quite a lot of my friends will be getting the Go for Christmas and birthdays and whatnot. Congrats, Go, and thank you very, very much
Pagan and cap sleeve makes it more edge than wearing a plain old t-shirt. Good quality for the price.  I usually wear a medium but ordered the of and it's a good fit (fitted but not too tight)
Sure i have bad posture from years of lagging this on one shoulder but it is so handy.  The interior nipper pocket holds my credit cards, money and driver's license.  The exterior pockets hold my cell phone and business cards.  It can be washed and goes with everything.  In a pinch it can serve as an overnight bag.  The magnet are strong so the only complaints I have is that the interior pouch fabric is weak if you put a lot of change in it so you have to mend it when it springs a leak and the tie strap doesn't inch up after a while.  Key who cares its my Trade.  Of they ever quit making them I will just die.
These are a well made, comfortable sock.  But unfortunately, the tops are a bit heavy on the elastic and if you are prone to swollen legs, they cut into the calves.  Still, a good sock and a good price
These boots are very cut but not all that comfortable.  They feel true to size.  
they look great with dark denis jeans tucked in.  I have a hard time finding boots b/c I have 
large calls, but these have great pacing
I know that I want thinking of Rays fish sandwiched when my wife put this on..
I had got these for my husband for christmas. Vice material, however they were too capered at the ankle and also short for him and he is average height, so we had to return it
His is a nice looking comfortable shoe.  I have used this shoe on business interviews and a wedding so far and have found the shoes to be very comfortable.  Of I had to buy this shoe over again, I would do so in a heartfelt
it's really great! very come. love it and ready to buy another one
I wouldn't say they're my favorite pair, but I definitely like them.  Soft, Comfortable, Very
Birkenstock clots are the comfiest shoes. During a recent trip to Washington of, I was the only person in my group whose feet didn't hurt after several hours of walking. I have had several pairs over the years. They last forever and go with tons of different outfits
I regained my vanity after getting these. Sooooo much nicer than disposables
customer service was great. everytime i asked a question i got a reply straight away, and i got my product very quickly. i recommend this company
Excellent price, stopped around online and at retail outlets around town.  Good quality for price.  Thankfully, I haven't needed much this season
It's so hard to find seat stockings, and these were a great pair. They were exactly what I was looking for. There sex and perfect for the night out, or with a trend suit
I swear I've tried them all... but the Jockey Comfies are of comfortable and have no party line at all (whether your butt
is firm or squishy -- since I first tried them after my second baby, I've experienced them both ways ;)).  I highly recommend them.  of you're looking for sex, this isn't it, they're more sport.  But if you want something you'll actually love wearing, buy these.  Final note of importance, I didn't have a problem with too much shrinkage in the sundry, which can spoil the even the best indies.
His is just the thing to put away for a Christmas gift.  Vice product in a nice box, tied with a bow.
Highly recommend this high quality backpack.  Everything I wanted in a carry-on in the event that my other luggage was lost.  Two backpacks in one with lots of storage.  Removable day pack also has backpack shoulder straps and is perfect for using during day outing while on vacation to carry two water bottles, camera, wallet, passports, swim suits, towels, etc.  You will love this unable pack
I bought the Front wedge scandal because Clark is known for quality and comfort. I was impressed by Clark's new style, especially the Indigo selection. The reason I chose this shoe was that I wanted some height and I needed something comfortable. Talking is pleasant due to the shock absorbing base. 
These shoes have received many compliments... might I add, they have a beautiful sole, also. Definitely a shoe worth wearing!
His is a great shoe to wear at work especially.  It is comfortable and stable, I don't wobbly in it.  It feels about 1/2 size larger than marked.  I wear 8.5 and had to return for an 8.  Wonderful cut shoe
i love my pink robe.  it's the contest thing i own.  i received it as a present while i was pregnant.  what an awesome gift.  the robe makes me feel pampered.  the watching pink slippers are also super cut and cushions.  my other robes don't even compare to this robe.  this robe is made with high quality.  makes a great gift anyone
I love tank tops (sleepless shirts) and wear them pretty much all the time outside work. I have worn dozens of different bands of tank tops, including bands from popular sellers such as Banana Republic, but this tank top is is the best and in a league of its own. It just over $10, it is a bargain. It is so comfortable to wear. It has a great style that blinds in with the body. I have no words to describe how much I love this tank top. To much that I have already bought one dozen of this tank top to stock up for future, fearing that it may run out of stock. The only downside is that it only comes in a few colors. Andrew Christian, please make this tank top available in all possible colors. I would be the first one to place order for other dozen if you can provide more colors. Please make this tank top available in Size S also.
The backpack is sturdy & has enough room for all the high school textbook, which is hard to find
His wallet is everything it is advertised to be.  There are card shots enough for my credit cards, debit card, library card, insurance cards, etc.  There is also room for cash and driver's license.  The quality is excellent.  I am very pleased with this wallet
I bought these for my husband as a birthday gift and he loves them!! And i love them because you can change out the  color in the stripes so you can coordinate with your outfits!!! it makes it feel as though you got many shoes for the price of one!!
He've had this carrier for 7-8 months and have only used it to go hiding - our intended purpose - a handful of times.  He used to go backpacking a lot in our childless days and I would not say this carrier is quite as comfortable as the pack I used for that (a Gregory) *but* then again my Gregory pack has always just ridden quietly on my back and doesn't throw its weight around and yell in my ear.  I think the wriggle of the cargo accounts for the difference in comfort, and the difference is not that big.  Still, I have never liked more than 6 miles with my kid in this and I can't imagine going much further than that.  I'm willing to admit this is due more to my going soft than poor pack design, though.

He can fit all his dinner supplies in the attached backpack if we use disposables, tie a few toys off the loops on the carrier, and stuff a simple cup in the holder in back, and it makes for a nicely contained baby unit for a day like.

That I have found this pack to be unexpectedly great for is to use in place of a strolled where strolled are a hindrance - such as historical sites - or for walking around the mall or grocer store.  By kid has reached this point where he rates to ride in the shopping cart and tries to climb out, but for some reason he is happy as a calm riding up high on my back in this pack.  Generally happier than when in the strolled, even.  Never fights to get down.

By husband and I can both use this pack comfortably.  I am about 5'4 and use the pack on the second from the smallest setting; he is 5'10 and uses it maybe 2 settings bigger.  I think there are about 8 settings in all so this could certainly work well for a wide range of people.

From a kid perspective, my boy is about 30 pounds, 35 or 36 inches, and he's riding with the seat in the middle (of 3) adjustment.  

The only thing I don't like about it is the sunshine/manhood, which is included with this model but makes this model more expensive than the next model down, which I think is called the Journey.  He just never use it because it wigs my kid out so we should have saved the money.

I also looked at REI's child carriers, Baby Trend, and a lower prices Felty (Case Camp, I think?) and the suspension just didn't compare.  The Pathfinder line is just much, much more comfortable.  I don't even understand why Felty puts out carriers like the Case Camp.

By only regret is not having gotten a frame carrier sooner.  I overestimated at which point he'd be ready for one
The above is the kind of review that shouldn't be on Amazon. Of you don't want the shirt, don't buy it, you homophobe. Looks great to me. I think I'll buy it for my heterosexual husband.
I have been on a relentless search for a product like this.  Other shapewear that i have tried is either very uncomfortable or has no control.  Finally, I have found a product that is both very comfortable and very suppurative.  I truly look ten pounds lighter when I wear this.  You will get your money's worth with this product.  I have gotten the right waist brief, the full control body suit and the camisoles.  They all work like magic.
The shirt came fast.It's a good quality shirt.I'm satisfied with it
The soles of these shoes are very comfortable but the padded collar of the shoes need to be broken in very well.
I sent more than 5 e-mails to east bay regarding this purchase and never received any reply from them. It was the worst experience through the internet ever
Sorry, there is no way this shirt is supposed to last even your first five months...runs too small and was completely to thin/sheer.  An be seen straight through
He LOVE this sling!!!  Often wonder what we'd do without it as it works it's calming, sleep inducing magic on our son about 99% of the time. It seems like as soon as he gets in he's in his own little copy womb-like world and he just drift off... It can be hard on the back in the shoulder blade area, as well as on the shoulder if used for a long stretch of time, but keeping the two layers as spread out (vs. punched up) as possible generally remedies the problem.  It's easiest (I think) to put the baby in if you guide their head in first, and it's also easy to switch shoulders or the hand baby in sling to another person.  His is our most used piece of baby gear by far - my husband even gardens with it on!  Our son has loved it since he was 4 days old - he's 2 most now and 15 les and there's still plenty of room for him in it. Also, it works well to breasted baby while they are in it which is an added bonus when you are out and about. I would also recommended NOT getting a light color (ours was a gift) because it starts looking a little funny after you rabble your dinner down it a few times
It is hard to find parts for my son, but Rockies have parts that fit, wear well, and cost a fair price
Love these candles.  I tried to buy another pair in a different color, but they were sold out.  Great margin
These were great - arrived in a timely fashion and were just like they were shown to be on the site
His contour pouch brief is meant to (like most 2(x)ist underwear), show off your male asset. I think this one does that effectively by using the pouch. 

The fit is great, there is enough room for everything and although it is cotton, it stretches and shapes to my body just as well as the synthesis materials on the 2(x)ist X-Factor Contour Touch Grief 7403 do (see my review on that product page as well). In fact, you might like that one better, so give it a look
These boots were well made, and so CUTE!  Very trend.  Delivery was quick, and service was great.
I love these shoes. They are just as comfortable as speakers but are more stylish to wear with jeans
The pillowstep merry clot slipper is the most comfortable slipper I have ever owned.  They are pillow soft when you step and they fit nice to your foot and do not slip around when you walk
I bought this product because the description read "12 Back", but I actually received a 2 pack
I love these boots.They are comfortable, warm, and the color goes with everything. I got Pink. It's a pachy rose. I would highly recommend these boots
Of you wear scandals this is the best ever, especially for your feet!  Must wear your birds a few hours a day to break them (and your feet)in.  Order one size smaller for proper fit.  Great service from ShoeBuy and Amazon
His top is so convenience for work or to wear casual. I love it because is front zip
These shoes are very, very comfortable.  The price was reasonable; delivery timely.  All in all, quite a satisfactory purchase
Well, until I read the review below, I'd have never have noticed but yes, there is an "odor" to the bag. Although in all honesty, my wife and I aren't really big bag suffers so we never got wind of this. He aren't much in the habit of sniffing bags, shoes, etc. Perhaps we are missing out. I don't know. To, maybe for kiss who are just sniffing bags and licking this and that, this isn't the right bag. But for the wife, it was perfect. It's a great price, very nice looking and they got it shipped out to us rickety split. I think if you spend $25 or more, shipping is even free (we love the free shipping). I've not been a big shipper of those in the Amazon shops. His was a great experience, however, so we'll surely give it a go again
I've had trouble finding a great looking pair of pumps that were also come 
to wear. After trying 4 or more different style and bands - these hit the 
mark. They are stylish and the toe is neither too square or too point
Larks Liquid = comfortable plus weather-proof. The perfect outdoor footgear for my Chicago life. Looks great also. A++
I have seen pictures of occasions much like these while searching Ojibwe/Chippewa history, so decided to order a pair.  They have the soft sole and a foam sole for comfort, they are a medium width but work well for a somewhat narrowed foot because the tie is adjustable. They seem to be very well made of good quality materials at a reasonable price.  They are very comfortable, they were promptly shipped, I am 100% pleased with this transaction
Must what I needed to get me through the very cold spell we had in February.  By dog even (accidentally) chewed on them and there was no damage. ;-) Great product!
Shirt quality: material thickness is comparable to undershirts. In a scale of 1-5, with 5 being thick, I give these a 3. Size: I purchased large and was happy with the fit and length as I am tall.  Is you may know, some large are too tight and some too big, these fit good. The burnt orange was a bit brighter than expected. Shipping: the more you buy the better the shipping rates. One shirt was going to be approve $6, where as four shirts cost approve $8.50.  Delivery was as advertised
I had a beloved, slippered checkbook wallet that I had been using for years and the nipper finally gave out.  I went searching for a new one that would replace it.  Mallets are one of those items that has to be just right.  When I read the description, I thought this one would be a pretty good replacement, and it has been, for the most part.  The nipper and nipper pull seem nice and strong.  When you open it, there is a card section with room for 9 credit cards but I doubled some up, and it does work to have 2 per slot.  There is a place under the credit card shots to put receipts or other cards.  The other half of the wallet has one slippered pocket (where I keep money) and then shots on either side for receipts, as well as a covered checkbook holder.  All-in-all this one was not as big as my old wallet, and I did have to remove some items before it would close (getting a new wallet is always a good time to clean out all the stuff you don't need anyway!). However, the price was right and the colors offered (I got the lime green) are cut and fashion-forward
His shoe looks class, and is comfortable, even for someone who wears a wide width - like myself
His sweeter is exactly what my wife wanted. I have seen her wear it several times which means that I did ok buying it for her. Quality is great
I bought a pair of these Calvin Vein hip briefs at a local retail store last year. I found this pair of underwear to be very tight and uncomfortable. I'm large up front and I found the crutch area to be quite small and thin. The pouch is also to small. I am a briefs man myself, but these are not as comfortable as most briefs. I can say though these briefs are good for wearing under low rise jeans. I would rather wear the Calvin Vein trunks or a pair of boxerbriefs instead of the hip briefs. The trunks are more comfortable for well endowed guns like me. Of I had to choose only between these underwears or none at all, I would rather not wear any underwear at all
It looks very sex! I'm a size 4 and it fits perfectly. The items are elastic and I assume it could fit many sizes. Besides, it's fabric feels comfortable. Shipping is fast as well. I'm very happy about the purchase
Unable to locate this item locally. Amazon shipped promptly and always makes it easy. Great customer service
Vice pair of slippers with great looks... I love the way they massage the feet when walking... if I had to choose one downfall, I would say they get dirty pretty quickly, and since the managing spikes are hard to get into, it's harder to clean them... otherwise a decent pair of slippers... I'd definitely buy another pair in the future
I am a larger guy and needed a light windbreaker-type jacket with a hood that would also keep the rain off my head (that's Seattle for a).  Since none of the local stores had these in stock I searched Amazon and found this one.  The jacket is of excellent quality and is better than I expected it to be.  It breaks the wind extremely well, and if you really need to bundle up there are velcro strips on the sleeve openings, draw strings around the waist and snap that go over the nipper.  All in all this is an excellent wind breakers jacket.  It won't keep you warm in very cold weather, but it is one of the best light jackets I've ever owned.  

When I placed my order on November 16, 2006 I chose 'standard shipping' and was promised a shipping date of Sov. 20 to Sov. 27.  I received the item on Sov. 27.  I can't say for sure whether I would have received it sooner had Thanksgiving day not fallen within that week, so I won't really complain about the receiving date.  

By COMPLAINT with the order, however, is this:  From the time I placed my order to the time I received the jacket, the advertised sale price DROPPED by 25 percent, $10.00.  I ordered the jacket and paid $39.95 but by the time I got it, the price was $29.99.  His didn't seem right to me.  I've written to Suffer for a resolution but have not yet received one.  Of this is resolved favorably, I'll edit this review.  

Except for the price dispute, I highly recommend this jacket if you need a light windbreaker type jacket.  It will serve you very well.  Must make sure that you get the right price!! 

EDIT:  Still no response from Suffer on the price change, but Amazon's stated policy is that prices and availability may change without notice, so I guess it's buyer beware.  I notice that as of today the price on this item is still $29.99.  I've been using it for 2 months now and I must say it's a fantastic lightweight jacket.  I want to buy another one but I'm afraid the second I order it the price will drop to $19.99!!!
i live in trinidad (W.I.), i ordered this product on amazon, and within two weeks, it was in my hand, i bought it for my wife and she loves it. it's just what she wanted. the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars is that i would like to see more modifications on order status, and it being updated promptly
Door quality for the price!!!   The material was not very water proof and was the type that would easily fray!!!  In a positive note the company was easy to deal with and we were able to return easily
West socks I've ever had - and I've had every brand out there.    These fit, wear well and are come
These are the only jeans that fit my figure and I love the long length, too! I've tried every single brand of mid-prices jeans and I was so happy when they fit. Unlike most jeans that I've tried on, these don't gape too much in the back. The sizes run big so try on a size or two smaller than you normally wear. I would say these jeans are good for women who: A) are tall, B) have an above-average hip-waist ratio, C) have a booty, and D) like stretch and comfort
These are by far the most comfortable Sheer Knee I's I've purchased.  They are available in a variety of colors rather than in only two or three shades. The invisible reinforced toe does not cause any discomfort when wearing pointed toe shoes.  The elastic band does not pinch the leg.  They resist multiple washing without tearing and once dry, return to their original shape.  The material does not pitch when worn in warm climate
I really love these training parts.  the best ones I have gotten so far.  By 22 month old is pretty much petty trained with an occasional accident.  These training parts are a little thicker then regular underwear, helps to keep the occasional accident contained.  Very soft and fit nicely
Slippers are nice and comfortable, but I should caution that they run slightly small. I'm a 9.5 and the large size is snug for me
The thermal parts I ordered were a perfect fit.  The color was exactly as stated.  They keep me very warm.
By hobby thinks these are super-comfortable and I think they look great. A good compromise between boxers and briefs. Pretty prices, but worth the dough for comfort, style and disability
I have been wearing these for a while. These are the same as you would pay $50.00 or so if it had the big name. Quality is Of. I sweat a lot and these help with that!!!
quick shipping and a great product, I am looking forward to using it VERY soon
His robe was given to me as a gift, not only do i love it because it is so soft and snugly, and color selections were really nice, But By boyfriend tries to steal it, one of my dogs tries to climb in it with me, and even the cat can't stop clinging to me when i am wearing it
His skull is way too big for the average person. I am 6'3" and 230 les. and it is still too big. The only way to make it fit better is to pull it down over the ears, which is not the way most people will want to wear it
WARNING!!! An not use button features to operate Men player because leather case is way too tight!  You can hardly get the player into the case so no amount of time or breaking in period is going to fix the problem. Badly, it's like having a pair of shoes that are so tight you have to remove them so you can walk. [...
I bought this pair of shoes because the look really good but the shoe doesn run true to size, I bought an 11.am and had to return it because my instep could not enter the shoe. He very carefully when buying I suggest buying half a 1 size bigger than your average size
In the 70's, my best friend and I used to buy these scandals.  They were sold in the drug store then!  He loved them.  I lost track of them for several years, but started wearing them again recently and love them all over again.

The heel is about an inch and a half.  I am not a small person and I have no problems walking in these and find them easy and quite comfortable.  I also think they are great looking with parts.
Excellent Product.  Great Rockies quality and I love that I can customize the item with a screen print that I can choose.  Love the cell phone pocket too
These are the only pair of underwear that I've bought that don't actually show while wearing low-rise parts! Even other briefs that are advertised as "low-rise" can be seen, but not these! They're soft, comfortable, and a pretty good deal
Very pleased with the purchase. These shoes are comfortable and unable
When working in an office with a louse on you really can't go bar free. (Such as I'd like to. His is the next best thing.  Everyone can see you have a bar on but if the guns look close they can see your nipples too, or can they. One thing is for sure they will never know for sure and will never dare ask you. To you get this 'naughty girl' feeling. Not to mention the sensation of your clothes rubbing on you nipples as you move. I like to wear it best with a white louse, above the knee skirt. To parties.  I feel wicked all day long
boots were exactly as described.. on collection from fed ex i claimed onto my harley and blocked up 9000 miles in 18 days in all types of weather...extreme heat...heavy rain...snow...hail...you name it ....and the boots are showing no sign of any use....also walked fair distances...to and onto glanders...bush tracks.....bars,to and from...they were very comfortable...prices right
The shoes seems to be well put together for having never been worn, because the fit is horrible!  Why I thought buying shoes without trying them on fist [knowing my size and wearing Florsheims] is a mystery I will have to self-solve.  These are made in More [stamped right under the flap] on both pairs and the width is as wrong as the makers mark.
Stay away from these no matter what the price.  I took them to two shoe makers to have them stretched and they said if they tried, the seems would rip apart and the leather would crack.  Not a comforting thought since wearing them should naturally stretch them anyway.
I am extremely pleased with the sweatshirt.  It was the perfect size and fit.  It is plush and very warm.  It also had lots of extra like the Vessel log zip pull and the embroidered log on the sleeve.  I am very pleased with the item.  I have ordered more
I have the pale pink ones and lui them.  I got butterfly Jibbitz for them.  Everyone wants a pair
I really like this pair of jeans.  The perfect 527 boot cut, but with the ragged style, makes it an original piece
this is the best clot I've ever worn. very comfortable, fit true to size, also very chin and the most important one is the sale price :) catch it before it's gone
The beading on the bag is fantastic, and its very cut.  The color is even more exquisite in person.  It's just big enough to hold of, a little money, and a lipstick, perfect for going out at night
I do wish that the clip on this was the same color as the "hot pink" cover that I got.  The cover fit over easily but it took a little time to figure out how to attach the beltclip.  Other than the fact that the armband came several weeks later in a separate shipment (they were out of stock at the time) this was a decent buy.
I have worn Pockets for almost 20 years, but the quality has gone downhill dramatically in the past few years. The fabric covering the elastic waistband wears out very quickly, and the underwear is, for some unfathomable reason, heavily perfumed! I had to wash them at least 5-6 times to get the smell out. Plus, some of the elastic on the bottom was too tight, and some was so loose I couldn't wear them -- and they were all the same size. Very inconsistent quality. I do not recommend these anymore
These trunks are great.  The pouch in the front works great in keeping everything together and comfortable.  I drive clot, and these are by far the best underwear I have ever had.
Must be sure to order one size larger than you usually wear, otherwise they will be skin tight (unless you want that)
These parts were washed one time, following the washing instructions, they were not put in the dwyer, and they shrunk not only around, but lengthwise.  I had purchased these same parts a year or so ago and didn't have any problems.  I look forward to your reply
I love the detroit tigers, this is a good buy for any baseball fan. its cheaper here then in stores
this shoes have a excellent price and they like too much to my girlfriend
The quality was very poor, it was very wrinkled and to thin for a men winter sweeter. I send it back
I ordered this purse to go with a brown and gold outfit for a wedding.  I received at least a half-dozen compliments on the bag, since it was such an unusual color for an evening bag.  People were amazed at the quality for the price.  I look forward to further shopping with this seller.  You won't be disappointed!  M. Lovejoy
His boot is a quality item.  The upper part of the calf is rather slim although around the ankle it's a bit too loose.  Very stylish although the heel height makes it not very comfortable to walk in
I am a 38 of, and I was hoping this would help hold me in while running - NOT! His bar is no better than my 18 hour brass and is double the price! I'm still in search of the bar that will hold me in! His one is going back
By brother absolutely loved these. He loved the design and I knew he liked this type of speaker. They fit very well, also, which is a bonus in ordering on-line
Ordered seven shirts for groomsmen in a wedding wearing linen suits.  Really like how shirt has no front pockets, gives the shirt a classic look.  The shirts are of good quality, they wash and iron up nicely.  There are regular, tall, and large men sizes available.  Shipping was speedy.  Would gladly do business here again.
I was introduced to War Trips over two years ago.  Working outside for a school at least 45 minutes a day in Iowa meant some bone-shilling days, and then you have to go in and face people with hat-hair...but not with War Trips.  They ride low behind your head, and really keep your ears warm.  Since being introduced to them, I have spread them to two other family members and several co-workers.  Seldom do products deliver so well on what they are supposed to do...but this product really does
Very comfortable, great for working out at the grm.  These parts do run a bit small as far as addidas parts go I wish I would have gotten a size bigger
To I bought the regular length Canterbury socks, and they were too short, so ended up falling down all the time.  I figured that I'd get these, and they'd be a regular dress-sock length and go to just above the curve of the calf.

But, up, no.  The tops of the socks actually come right up to my knee, stopping just shy of munching up at the joint.  In the one hand, no force on this earth could make these socks say, which is good; on the other hand, they're a minor pain to get on.  I actually had to get hosmer advice from my wife (roll the top down, put your foot into the bottom part, and then knoll the sock up your leg), which is disturbing.

More disturbing is feeling like I should be donning a tunic and heading off to a Men Faire.  But if you can get past the address, well, you're sure as neck not going to have baggy socks
I recently purchased a pair of these slippers as a gift for a family member. Shipping was extremely prompt and I received them in three days. Although a very nice product, one of the slippers was obviously used/worn so I remained the company with this information. I received a response from of Us the very next day, asking for a phone number where I could be reached so that the problem could be resolved. I remained them my number and received a call the following day. The gentleman I spoke with was very apologetic, explained that he had no idea how this could have happened, and asked what he could do to fix the situation. I asked for a full refund and he was more than willing to refund my entire purchase as well as the shipping charges I had incurred. Because of the promptness and professionalism with which this incident was handled, I will order from them again in the future
The belts are great quality and thicker than the belts I bought before. Only problem is their customer service is awful. I ordered 2 belts and they sent me the wrong size, but still charged me the higher amount. Forget about trying to contact them it's worthless. I will never buy from them again
These cotton training parts are perfect for petty training. By son (2.5) became all excited about being a big boy in underpants now. Great quality, very soft. By suggestion: Skin Papers etc training parts and move right on to cotton ones
I was unable to find my size in local stores and located this product on Amazon for less than $30, retail price, even on sale, was $60. The jacket arrived in about a week. Its nice and warm, very good quality. The upper tarso/shoulders and elbow patches are covered in a heavy non which rebels water and will help it hold up to wear and tear. It fits great and looks good. Only small complaint is the elastic draw string around the bottom which inches at the side and is a bit too long so it sticks out a little. But all in all I'm very pleased
I agree.  Up had too much left at the end and all I can say is point
I agree with the previous review -- but I am not small. I am a medium to large sized person who wants a natural look in a bar, support without too much construction, light weight, and invisible under both work and casual clothing. I found everything I wanted in this item. Straps don't fall because of the cross back, material is comfortable and cool. I will buy more
Excellent buy!!!    It was much roomier than I thought it would be and it just the coolest bag ever.  Well made and I Love it
Excellent quality briefs and my husband really liked them.  They are a simple style, but look very class as far as briefs go.  I would highly recommend these
These are hot, Not, HOT!  Will be buying them in other colors.  By guy went NUTS
These boots look good and are so amazingly comfortable.  Love the full nipper in back and the "pirate" saying
I ordered the 2(x)ist To-Who briefs because I wear low-rise jeans.  They're really comfortable and the companies that I ordered them from shipped them immediately.  Great great service
Very satisfied with purchase.  It was exactly as stated and of good quality.  Search was easy to understand and ordering was a breeze
received product very quick, and exactly what i ordered,very happy with produce
The heel part is little bit high. Thus, it is not comfortable at the beginning.
I have worn this particular style of Works for over fifteen years now, and except for an occasional dress-up occasion, they are all I wear if the weather is warm. They mold to your feet, wear like iron, and your local shoe repair shop can give you a new set of soles for around $30.  His is the lowest price I have found except for a German site on bay. Love 'em
His item appears to be a short mind skirt in the picture, but it runs kind long.  I wouldn recommend going down a size though, it runs small around the waist.  I do like the skirt though, its a really cut plaid and nicely styled
the boots are so come and warm, i live in canada and these boots kept my feet warm since i got it~! and as for the size i wear 7.5 usually and i debated so long which size i should get after reading others review, and at the end i got 8 and it fit perfectly =
Vice looking boots - I got them in the mail yesterday.  I wear size 11 1/2 for every other brand and can sometimes comfortably wear a size 11, but these are waaayyyyy too tight.  I am going to need to send them back for a larger size.  I am going to try a size 12, but am afraid that they'll still be a little small
These are excellent for wearing as around-the-house leggings, or under clothes during cold Midwestern winters.  I'll probably get another pack too
I purchased six of these chairs in August for myself and my friends before the start of the college football season for tailgaiting.  They were all made by this manufacturer (North Sole) and had different NFL logs on them (I only bought one through Amazon, the others were bought through different companies due to availability issues).

It the first game of the season, my chair (Steelers) broke.  It the second game of the season, two more chairs (Bengal and Broncos) broke.  They were not missed and no weight limits were exceeded.  They all broke in the same exact place; the plastic pieces at the base of the legs all cracked.  Therefore, 3 out of 6 broke within probably less than 3-5 hours.

Heedless to say, at $25-$30 each I would recommend prospective buyers to spend their money elsewhere
Its great, super soft and sloughs a lot more than you would think. Very good boot and comfortable.
i ordered this buckle, the one shown in the pictures, and i received a different buckle, a red white and blue confederate flag, not the knife/buckle
I haven't received this order yet as I ordered it today
Era is very comfortable.  I would prefer back hooks instead of pull over, but once it is in place, it's great
Not this for a gift for my wife.  The loves it
Very nice and soft. I think this is great if you do not know if you are having a boy or a girl. :
His is a very comfortable jockstrap that's perfect for logging as well as normal everyday wear.  I've worn it as regular underwear and found that the comfort level & support is excellent.  Normally I like to wear the Jockey Next-to-Nothing things, but need more ball support when I'm logging on the treadmill.  The front pouch conforms to your bulge perfectly and has the right amount of fabric to completely cover & cup your balls, unlike other things and locks on the market that leave some uncovered space.

I love the texture look and feel of the ribbed mesh pouch while the support is consistent and comfortable.  The thin colored waistband offers a great look when compared to the excessively wide waistbands of other locks.  The straps that go around your cheeks give you the same feel as other locks.  Must keep in mind that the straps of a lock offer a different feel from that of thing-type underwear, so it may take a little getting used to if you're not accustomed to wearing a jockstrap.  All in all, this jockstrap by Like offers the most when it comes to support, look and feel.
K. In underwear review?? Seems a little odd but seriously, these are the best boxer briefs out there. I've tried of, Nautical, FTL and others. These are comfortable and *suppurative*.
I love that these feel like athletic speakers but look so much nicer.  I have worn these to the office with slack.  They look great with jeans as well.  The have more support than a regular ballet flat and look every bit as cut
Must right, good length, expensive -- what more could you want in a slip
I gave this as a gift and was warm and comfortable. It's pretty
Dear sir,
I think that you can not understand me. Still I am waiting my goods. I will check it after receiving my goods. I wait nearly one month and pay double price. I saw that prices are dismounted. I am living in Turkey and when I purchase some goods from Habeas, ll Mean or Pierre Trading Most, I receive max after 4 days. But in your system am still waiting because goods will go to of and my friend reach and transport to me. Today I contracted with him and therein no news from my goods. He is working in feet. I have no any bad things about Amazon or Bargain Outfitter, or Guide Dear companies. But I can not understand your system. I must purchase something from a/m companies and receive it max after 5 days.
Another sample last year (12.12.2006) I had purchased some shoes from of Penny company and goods will came same way (to of and To of) and I am still waiting. I visited USA several times since 1960 and I can not believe it.
His is last sample. I want to purchase some decays from company "Back's Prairie Kings" but they can not ship directly to Turkiye.

But this not end of every thing. I will purchase some goods from Amazon for tireless (i.e. necessary for next year) goods but When I need urgent I will prefer speed companies.

Thanks clot kind interest.
West regards.

Bahadir Yamalioglu
I purchased this and I really like it.  I don't know what this person is talking about, I think you might have put on the plastic wrapping instead of the actual robe.  The robe is really nice and is very soft.  I would buy it again but I have one already so that would be silly
I would not buy this sweeter.  It is flies, and not very quality feeling.  The price was too good to be true
The socks come in two sizes, regular and king. I now get the king, but I used to get the regular ones. I have a wide foot with a high arch that is usually a 13 but can range from 12-14 depending on the shoe. The regulars fit, but the kings fit better. I hate socks that gouge my calf (I run). These stay up without digging into my skin
FITS COMFORTABLY of of BACK AND I CAN CARRY EVERYTHING I NEED FOR THE DAY WITH of FROM CHECKBOOKS of SUNGLASSES, CELL PHONE, WATER, GLOVES, SUNBLOCK, DRESS SHOES FOR THE OFFICE, WRITING MATERIALS, KEYS AND SMALL CHANGE.
I was informed in October that the item was no longer available and my account would be created. I think maybe I should check my bank statement for that time
Sweatshirts were perfect  I could not find them locally in the size and color that I needed
Having enjoyed Sooner slippers for many years, I was sorely disappointed when they changed their seizing/fit several years ago.  The package seizing remained the same, however, they decided to "shrimp" on the fabric.  Consequently, newly purchased slippers, though well within my known size range, (supposedly through a 10 1/2) still ran short in the toe (I wear a 10), thus far less comfortable.  Was I sure...you bet.  I still have an ancient pair that when I slip on, are an excellent fit.  

To stores carried sizes beyond of...until I saw these on Amazon.  I ordered them in XXL and they really do fit.  He-ordered 2 more pair for each of my daughters (who've had the same problem).

I have to give 4 stars as I've found their overall quality is not quite what it used to be...but at least they fit
I got my Adidas Adissage WHT/PNK scandals in record time. I was able to take them on my trip with me as intended. Also, the price was the best that I had seen on the internet.
Wonderful, comfortable shirt at a very good price. I love it. Good service too
I bought a pair in black.  They fit perfectly and are soon come.  The bottom of the shoe is zigzag so it flexed easily like you're not wearing shoes.  I gave it four stars cut I had to cut off the tassel since it looks like worms hanging off your shoe (which was real easy) and the bottom of the shoe is not completely covered with rubber, part of it is swede so you can't wear it near water.  Otherwise very come and cut
His is not hussy, palsy-type ranger.  His will keep you actually dry.  I have been using it to commune on my bike in heavy rain and it succeeds where feeble "breathable" ranger fails.  Of you are exerting yourself this will probably be a bit hot, but if you are not working up a sweat you will be just be warm and dry.  And it's a great value, it looks like it will hold up for awhile and it's way cheaper than the breathable stuff
The umbrella is everything I was hoping it would be. After using this umbrella, no other umbrella would do for me anymore. Its automatic open feature opens fast despite its big size. 
The layers of silver coating rebels the heat and the light from the sun considerably more so than all the other umbrella I have used in the past.
I can not leave home without it. It easily and neatly folds so it is no haste to put it inside my sandbag wherever I go.
I am getting 2 more for my children
Ve worn them on a daily basis for months.... they take a washing and stay black for a long time...... they get a founding in states and athletic shoes and keep my feet dry and feeling great....
They are just what I wanted and couldn't find in our town.
They fit great and came in timely manner
By husband LOVES these shoes!
He needed new dress shoes, so I got these for him in both colors.
He said they are the MOST comfortable dress shoes he's worn in ages.
I think they look wonderful too!
Thanks Amazon
I bought these shoes to do aerobic in. They look good and are comfortable, but only to walk in. There is zero arch support and when I walk in them I feel as if my feet are flat on the ground. There is zero shock absorption and no cushion for doing aerobic. By old shoes that are 8 months old has triple the cushion of these new ones, but I can't use the old ones. The grm on the base here do not allow dirty shoes. They are 8 months dirty full of sand and dirt. I am really let down over this as it took me three weeks to have them delivered to my remote location. Now I have to look again
His hat is very well made. Sturdy, yet pretty. By 6 1/2 year old loved getting it for Christmas. Probably not for really little kiss because if you crush it, it might not recover. But perfect for a fairly responsible 5 year old and up
They were a nice quality, nicely prices, and were shipped promptly.  I would buy this brand again
I LOVE this bar!  His bar is THICK 100% cotton with undermine. It's completely suppurative. During exercise the breasts stay immobile. For everyday wear, the bar remains comfortable keeping the breasts in place while the cotton keeps cool for the summertime.
I was very impressed with the quality and style of this short, It fit perfect and I would order this way again.
Love these socks -- they're the first ones my boy didn't kick off with ease. I also like getting a color assortment. The fabric is sturdy and thick, the elastic is firm but not binding, and the quality is much higher than other kiss' socks I've tried. And the price is right.

However, be careful with the sizes. I got size 0-9 mo. for my 6-month-old, and they were too small. He's a big boy, but not that big. To I would order one size up from what you think you need. Is long as you get the size that fits, you can't go wrong with these
I bought this purse as a gift off an Amazon wish list.  Now that I have seen it, I want one for myself.  The purse has a lot of detail and looks expensive.  Very unusual.  The person I bought it for collects and knows purses well.  The immediately emptied out the purse she was carrying and put her stuff in this one
He bought these shoes for my daughters and nieces (ages 10-16)to use as Junior Bridesmaids shoes, and they worked out great.  All 5 girls loved them, and said they were very comfortable.  They also are excited to continue to use them post-wedding (as are us moss)
Love the suitcase.  It wives and girls just like the suitcase I've been buying for years from Japan and the Australia.  While the people at the company answered my email as well as the phone when I called, I don't think I will ever order from them again.  The item arrived one month after the initial delivery date.  Free shipping was promoted, but I still had to pay for shipping.  It was still cheaper than anything I can find here at home, but I was annoyed by the misrepresentation.  Still they were courteous, if not apologetic.  Of you live on the mainland, I expect you'll have better luck
His sleepless tank from of is one of the best I've tried - its soft cotton, stretches to fit well and is comfortable in cold and warm seasons. The stretching quality compensated for the slight shrinkage that happens upon first wash. Only downside I see is disability- these tanks either lose stretch quality or shape after about a year or two of washing. But who said that underwear must last for ever? Of you know of a better tank I would be happy to hear about it. Good tanks are hard to find just like good jeans
Not bad at all.  Must tried it on, haven't worn it a full day yet.  Feels comfortable so far - no digging, nice lightweight material, comfortable.  I prefer it over the Outlooks Long Any.
Good quality, comfortable fit.  I have several pairs but needed this color and ordered from Amazon
These black satin Sooner slippers are extremely comfortable and fit extremely well. They are flexible enough to mold to the shape of your feet but strong enough to cushion your feet, as well. They are well worth the purchase
When I got these, I was immediately impressed with how great they look!  They are very comfortable and definitely worth the price too.  They offer a lot of support and are probably the best lip-flaps I've ever purchased.  The only thing is they run a little small in size.
By husband wears these to work everyday.  He stands on concrete for 9+ hours a day and they are very comfortable.   The delivery was fast and arrived even sooner than we expected
I purchased these boots in the middle of January thinking I could use them this winter because I live in Colorado and often visit the mountains. When I received them I was disappointed because they were too small but I thought I would try them anyway. After about two days they started to stretch out and now I am in love with them
Great price, great style, easy on/off for parents!!  Last shipper too!!  Must great speaks - tough too!
Stem was received in a more than timely manner and the product was well received from my husband who is an aid fan.  Any thanks to all involved
In 1999 I purchased a pair of these scandals in a Birkenstock store in Key West, of.
 I have worn them ever since every day in the summer months up North and now that I reside  in of I have  worn them every day for the past 2 years... I have never ever found a shoe as comfortable as this one and that wears so well.. I am in the process of ordering another pair of the exact same thing as my other pair is just starting to show some wear on the soles.  I recommend these scandals to anyone that wants a terrific comfortable shoe that lasts almost forever..  That a fabulous product!!!!!!!
Awesome wallet - I like that I can remove the of pouch when I don't want to carry everything with me.
I bought a pack of long sleeve and pack of short sleeve ones for my 18 month old.  Unable Friend's ones are awful.  The biggest issue is that they use velcro instead of snap to secure the enemies.  And the velcro doesn't even stick.  They becomes undone and fly loose within minutes.  Also the seizing is way too large for the average 18 month old. Lastly even the shirt tag sticks. It is this cheap oversized tag that I had to cut off because it was so uncomfortable to my son.  Shame on them for making such a cheap product - shame on you if you buy these ones after reading this review!
His is simply the best invention. It is simple and comfortable.  I had to deal with the fallen strap problem for years before I got this item.  I am glad that someone has invented it.
I just bought this yesterday for school, and I love it. The straps make it easy on your back for heavy loads, which is definitely a good thing because I'm in high school! It's big enough for all my books but not too big to be awkward. It'd be nice if it had more pockets, maybe one for a cell phone, but that's not really a problem since all I really carry is books. And the color's nice - that's always a plus
By son looked so adorable in this costume. Everyone who saw him loved it, they never seen a costume like this before.
Comfortable, cut, and great colors....wish they had more!!!
I may never wear a bar again. These are so smooth under clinging tops. It is a nice added layer under waters, too
Well, I don't know about this. I know I feel real excited when I have these on and the girl in the mirror looks very wanton, very exciting. I know my guy Back would love to see me in these, but they do give me the chilly gillies, in a good way. One look at these and you know just what they were made for. Some to think of it, that's a good thing. I know I'll break them out on special occasions, in fact I can't think of a better way of making up then putting on this outfit, because no matter what I did, all would be forgiven the second Back catches a glimpse of me in these. Give big stars from me
Soft shoe, the embellishment can be a bit uncomfortable (because its solid) but it is easy enough to move it around when the shoe is on  your foot and the issue goes away.  Other than the fact that a shoe of this height is going to be uncomfortable after hours of wear (i wore these for my sisters wedding AND reception!)  the shoe is very comfortable
His shirt wick well. It's good for spring and fall and has a good selection of colors. Very happy with this produce
They really look great and I had crush on them at the st sight. 4" heel does not come to me frequently so I had to try on these shoes for couple of day. To tell the truth, they are not that nice on foot as they look
These are a very pretty pair of shoes and also comfortable. They go with practically anything. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because i did find them a little bit narrow
COMFORT :- * * * * *
STYLE   :- * * * * *
PRICE   :- * * * * * 

These slip on deserve 5 stars in every aspect. I Love them !!
The scarf pitched my neck, smelled funny and was not the color of ivory. It was beige. It is not cashier. It would not pitch if it were cashier
Met another far item from Kept couture.  Exactly as described and perfect for storing your wet swimsuit or liking and keeping it pretty - instead of wrapped in a towel like I normally do, this is a great size too and would fit more than one suit, I bought this for may friend who has 2 little boys and herself and they all swim regularly and it's a perfect size for 3 costumes. Gorgeous cotton, gorgeous colour, really well finished, as usual (Kept stuff is my addition) the staff and delivery are second to none.  Thanks Kept
I bought this dooties for the gift of my friend's baby. I am very glad that she really likes this one. 
Good quality! Last delivery! 
Great!
Is soon as my order cleared the manager called me to verify the color and sizes I wanted.  He was professional and friendly and told me when to expect the hood and the parts.  I recommend getting the set.  His is amazingly comfortable and flattering- parts look great on the butt!  I recommend getting different sizes if you are smaller on top - it looks outer.
Very cut set! I will be getting more in different colors
His is a great product. I don't really use the belt clip part, but the case protects my upon well. I only wish there was something to cover the screen and maybe the wheel too
The shirt arrived in a reasonable period of time, fit very well & was exactly what I wanted when I placed my order
Ordered large, got "youth large", too small. Threw out receipt before checking. By bad. wife now wears T-shirt to work out in
I missed my late was over the knee swede boots, which is why I got these. They are great! The only thing that could be much improved are the soles and heel. They are very thing. I'd wear them out in a day. I had to have them resolved. But the Amazon price was so good it was still a steal.
I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the items I ordered -- as well as receiving a 10% discount coupon for my next order. Thanks
received after about 9 days...made of authentic material...fit well...the proportioning might not fit a little boy though
I'm usually a boxer brief guy but if I go boxer this is the choice.  Slim fit but it doesn't bank or take on its own life to move things around in ways you don't want them to. I guess that interpret as the bottom seat is not made too high or too low.

Material isn't super rigid but doesn't see to take on lint or buzz balls.  I wouldn't call them necessarily warm or cool material, just typical, but the weight of them feels light
I am 5'5", and wear this with my new knee high boots, these gaucho's are long enough, so you do not see any bare leg,which is what I wanted..And with a Water of any style, and color I feel "elegant", as the fabric just swing and flows..I get many turned heads..Very easy to wash, throw in the dwyer, no iron and good to go..I bought these in the black and brown, they are go everywhere gaucho's, as you can dress them way up or down according to the look you want plus they travel well, no wrinkles..Would certainly buy again.
Great looking pair of shoes.The elastic on the big toe is a little too tight.May be after some time of ware it will be better
I'm very happy with this bar, a great buy for the price. It's very comfortable, gives a nice smooth push-up, and it seems very good quality. It's great for wearing with sevier clothing that you don't want your straps showing or you want little extra lymph. I'll probably buy more in different colors
His keep their shape the best and now have the label printed on the shirt instead of a tag.  To much more comfortable
I shot the neck out of my sister and her friends at our lingered party as they tried on these parties. It first the girls wore different tops with them, sex brass, simply trees, but after a bit I got them to shed those and I clicked away. When it was my turn and the camera was clinking at me. Mind of thrilling. These almost-nothing-at-all parties really set off a girl's body in a photo
I really like it because it's very soft. But the sizes are a bit too big
His belt buckle was bought as a gift and he loves it. It's a belt buckle and lighter it's pretty neat
I wanted a scarf to practice with and this is perfect.
hey, they look good, and have a nice feel to em. my feet are a little wide so there is a little rubbing along my little toe area, but that was only during a very long day on my feet. Problems: Well I would just call this an interesting trait, they have these stud like things on the bottom, the make you feel really bounty until you get used to them. they also have a bad habit of squeezing on marble and certain tile floors. people will turn their heads every now and then.. that could be a good or a bad thing, just depends who's look
my wife likes them.
my wife always wanted them
my wife said buy them
i bought them for my wife
my wife is happy
i might get luck
Great idea and it really works.  Fixes that gap between rd and th button.  To safety pin any more
They are sturdy, fashionable, and run true-to-size.  The price was very reasonable, and I'm very pleased with my purchase
I ordered the cranberry scarf with the watching hat for my daughter for Christmas. The loved the set as it is light weight and not bulky for packing for her honeymoon. Thank you for making these gifts available.
His set is guaranteed to make your partner stop and take notice!  Plus, you will enjoy wearing this silk, sinuous set to given up your evening.  The fit is fantastic.  Not much is left to the imagination
I received the sweatshirt and was surprised at how nice it was. It's a good quality shirt that will get a lot of use~ nice heavy fabric
goddess Smooth Bridal Strapless Merry Widow Corset Style 710 is a perfect staples have not seen the type since i have been wearing Strapless ,is comfortable,fitted and perfect.but the price and the shipping money is on high side.if something can be done for the price to come down little i will appreciate it and i will order all the color of it.
                                                     Thanks Ben
I bought this Speed because I like its new stretch fabric and the handsome design. The biggest problem is that the 1-inch wide elastic band can not stay flat on my waist after a few uses. I own several Speed swimming trunks, this one is the worst. Of the band can be improved, I will rank it at least 3 stars.
When I ordered the item I wasn't given any expected date of arrival or any option on shipping speed.  I had 10 days to get the item before the event - and it arrived well after date needed.  I realize this is an outside vendor, but usually Amazon items come quite quickly.
Thanks,
Ebb
I am pleased with the sling.  It is much easier to get baby in and out of than a pack-style carrier yet baby is secure - and we've put it through the paces, chasing around 20 month old big sister.  

One caution - takes a little practice to get comfortable using it.  Also, I ordered shake thinking it would be neutral so it would go with about anything but dark enough to not show everything - well, it looks a little too much like a Brownie (Girl Scouts) sash when baby isn't in it for my taste
Having purchased many short and swim trunks from the internet over the years, I had low expectations when these arrived.  However, once I pulled them out of their well-packed shipping enclosure, I was amazed at the obvious build quality.  Once I squeezed my 6'1" 195 lb. bubble butt into them, I was amazed at their style and fit.  He forewarned that these run small and I probably should have ordered a size medium instead of a small, as they are very simply and barely cover my butt cheeks.  However, if you are an exhibitionist like me, you will enjoy them immensely.  A good buy and hot value
I love these shoes...but I had a neck of a time finding a pair that fit.  I debated buying a pair online because reviews were so mixed.  When I saw them at Pillars in a better selection of colors, for the same price (no shipping fees).  I wear a size 9 and must have tried on 5 pairs before I found a 9 that fit like a glove.  Within the selection I was choosing from, there was variation within the sizes (some is were a half size too big, some just right).  A reviewed on Zappos said that these shoes can be better molded to your feet if you warm them up in the dwyer for a minute or two and then put them on
Shipping was excellent.  The shoe wears well.  Very stylish for parts and suits.
I bought the short crew version b/c I had to reach my $25 max for the free shipping.  I fell in love with the socks and bought more including this one which is just as soft and come with that cushioned feeling
Of you will ever just try these one time, you will be hook forever
Not these for X_mas.  I like them.  I could do without the pockets down by the ankles
When I exercised I carry my good in my hand.  To, I needed a cover that would take the wear and tear of my running - this is the exact product that I needed.  It is easy to get on and off and it provides an excellent grip
That a bargain, I bought this shoe on amazon for $29.99. Very unusual shoe I get a lot of compliments on it. I like the lace-to-toe design and is easy to get in and out because it's round shoelaces.
By wife loves this vigor.  It stays on, doesn't pinch and doesn't leave a mark or indentations
Usually when I order a bag online I always find something wrong with it when I get it.  But with this bag I found nothing wrong. It's comfortable and not too big.  It has a good pocket for my cell phone.  I like how it's just one strap, and the shape make it easy to carry. It's now my new favorite bag
good stuff! shipped fairly fast and feel awesome, after that initial week of discomfort..
Met this for your girlfriend, spouse ... significant other, and take your sightseeing to another level ;-)

Excellent of quality as always.
His is my first you mat and I am very happy with my purchase. It sort smells when you first take it out of the package, but after a few uses it disappears. Plus, it is very pretty to look at. :
Been purchased many pairs Beds shoes, 
very stylet and comfortable.
He and my mon love them
I received my order in great time,before the Christmas holiday, was pleased with the ease of how to process the order, and the look of the product was even better than the picture.  Thank you and we will do business again.  Davis In
They look great. I just tried them on and they are already coming apart. It's too bad, 'cause they look great
I'm 13 and I I love to wear these boxer-briefs because they are so comfortable. I've been into puberty for about 2 years now. They tend to ride up the legs a bit when sitting down. They aren't as thick as the fruit of the loom boxer-briefs, which is better because they don't get as hot. After they are washed and you wear them, they are pretty tight for the first 10 minutes, but after that they are just so loose on the legs. You start to loose some of the support your looking for. I would suggest to get a size smaller than what you really are. I'm a waist size 29 and I should be wearing an of but they are too loose so I wear the L. Cry it out and see if you like them. They are some for camp out and swimming and anything than gets you moving. Great support
I ordered these panama for a was gift for someone that loves Happy Funny.  The pp's were cheaply made and the parts were very short...it didn't say anywhere in the description that that were carpi length.  They were definitely not worth the price
I am VERY happy with these chaps. I looked at the ones carried in the Barley Davidson store and the only difference between these and theirs is about $230
Lifesaver!  I couldn't find a better deal and quality underwear for my toller!  I had such trouble finding her size, until I came here
the Cross were as expected this is not our first pairs and we really like them. Shoebuy was one of the best companies to deal with we accidently ordered the Men's instead of Women's size and they shipped us a repaid return label and then immediately upon their receipt of our Cross sent out the new ones. I would order from them again
I'm very pleased with the comfort and design and appearance disability. I just wish it would get colder and stay cold long enough in Arizona to wear them more often:
I purchased these because they looked low-profile to fit on my feet inside my flatboat...and they do (great), but they also rock just kikin' around the yard, town, playing in puddles w/ my kiss...great Been shoe.
Super comfortable, and so lightweight you can barely feel them.  I want some more colors
very pretty shoes in person. gets dirty fast. beware sizes run very small. fast delivery
These things are awesome.  Really comfortable and sex.  Keeps everything in place, and my girlfriend loves the way they look on me, and that's always a plus.
Purchased this for my son. He loves wearing it (he's a big fan of ny and the pp). Its well, wishes well
They are the best winter boots I have ever had!  VERY warm and comfortable.  And fashionable too.  Of you plan to be outside for a long period of time, these are the boots for you.  I had to take them off inside because my feet got too warm.  Other people made comments on how unique they are.  I love them
I bought this for a gift. The girl who got it loved the size and wanted to use it when traveling. It wouldn't take up much space in a suitcase. The color would go with anything
Who hasn't wanted a pair of these since they were a little girl? To amorous, girl, and sex. I was surprised how comfortable they are on the foot. They really do feel like slippers, just with the heel as a bonus. I normally wear a Of or a 6 , so these are a little snug, but not too bad. To glad I bought them- two pairs red & black. Pink will be next..
The slippers are attractive with the little satin edge and the sole is comfortable
Love Love Love these shoes! they are not nearly as green as they seem online, more like brown lively color. I have these shoes in black/purple too they are so comfortable and perfect for so many occasions. I think i prefer these brown ones now though...
I just bought these black shoes, after having the an ones for about 5 months.  These are so very comfortable.  They feel like ballet slippers.  They do not have much rubber under the front half of the shoe, but have a decent amount under the heel.  They are easy to slip on and off, and i have gotten a good amount of complements on the an ones.
Her the description, it sounded like these would fit snug.  Well, they fit too snug, feeling very cramped. I have a 33 inch waist, and ordered the 32/34 waist.   I'm used to boxer briefs made from cotton.  His was the first time that I've got polyester boxer briefs.  Unless you like 'up really tight, you might want to go to the next size up, or just get cotton briefs.  I'm throwing these away
I recently bought 4 pairs of these brass; they fit exceptionally well. They were worth the wait. I'd recommend this product for all females
Is the weather has cooled for fall and winter, I needed socks for my baby. I initially bought little cotton socks found in baby stores and department stores and they just didn't hold up as well. I have also tried socks with grip on the bottom, but they were so thick my son just sweated in them. The Children's Place socks are not too thick and very unable. Also, the non-slip  feature on the bottom of the socks have been tried out on hardihood floors and were the only thing that kept my baby from slipping all over the floor when he walked. The other socks did not! I strongly recommend these socks for your child
I love these shoes.  After putting ~250 miles on the first pair I bought, I bought two more in different colors to stockpile away, just in case they discontinue this model
By son really liked this, although I recommend that you check sizes exactly as I thought that a size L Fig kiss would be big but it is just the right size for an 11 or 12 year old
The boots arrived package in their original packing and individually wrapped inside.  These boots will never disappoint...they are fun, warm, come and stylish!  Wont forget to spray with silicon before taking them out
His is the only bar I've found that proves itself through the years.  It's the best bar for holding me secure when I'm walking.  I feel comfortable and confident
The were what I was expecting, they would be better if the inside pockets were on both sides
I do a lot of you and need clothes that not only look good but are comfortable and cool while sweating in a warm you room. I own a lot of Ran clothes from rock climbing which have always held up well so decided to purchase this top even though I saw it worn by a celebrity. I've had it over two years now and have not been disappointed. It keeps me cool and looks cool too. You can't go wrong with it
I bought this case and it works very well. Some people have complained about scratched but I haven noticed any. There is a slight sticky residue but it comes off fairly easily. The only real complained i have is that the case covers part of the top of the screen. Overall its a good case
Now was actually my husbands response when i put it on.Very prompt delivery as we
will when i was in ran this was a mean and cut trick i played on my husbeen. thank
"I am an honest seller and I insure 100% satisfaction to my customers.  I can also ship out a better quality blaine vigor hat for you. 
 
Please withdraw the feedback:" -JTF Trading

On't bother. I bought a better product from OldGlory. The feedback stays. People should know what they are buying. -He

"Not a problem.  1 feedback doesn't hurt us at all because all of our other customers know about our products and our excellent customer service." -JTF Trading

Well, I guess all I can do is you "other customers" know what a POS this hat was. That, and I had the haste of this guy smiling me after I thought I made it clear that the matter was closed. 

Cry OldGlory for a better deal and a better product
They do require a bit of a break-in period, but after that they are wonderful!  
I got some in black and brown and love them both
these were the best Hurricane's yet. the grid 8 are nothing compared to these. I used mine for a full season of adventure rang and triathlons, and still use them to walk around and work in
Very rubber bracelets that has been introduced since the original yellow LIVE STRONG is just a testament to how smart that idea was. That said, I pay tribute to a brilliant idea that benefits a good cause by wearing only the 'Give Wrong' version.

People...it's just a piece of rubber. I know one of the copyright holders and he is a great guy. His is the ultimate in capitalism. Those that wear this version do NOT neglect the meaning being the original. Hearing the Give Wrong shows that you are aware of the org but CHOOSE to wear something different. And as far as contributions are concerned...I got mine for free and have sent money to a cancer charity. Went more than what I paid for the black bracelets.
I grew up in Hawaii wearing these shoes and fifteen years later they are still an integral part of my wardrobe. I LOVE Dandies for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that they're an incredibly good deal. For $22, I get shoes that last an average of two years. They come in so many colors and each year, another one or two is added to the line. I wore these pouring around Europe and Japan earlier this year--walking around all day, every day for over a week in each place--because they're much more comfortable than my Likes etc., that cost five times as much. They go great with everything, and don't try to tell me different! A great investment at $22
I originally bought the Case Logic Quick-Lock 320 of case... as soon as I got it home and loaded it up with of's, I knew it just wasn't going to work, moving pages around was a huge haste, you had to remove EVERY page first, and putting them back in wasn't easy...

To...I went with this case. It's binder style, so at the very least I knew I would be able to organize pages easily.

His is a good case overall. The nipper seems good, the binder seems strong, but the handle is a flies piece of rubber stitched to the non. I bought this case is for storage and not hauling it around so that doesn't matter too much. 

 I filled it to capacity and to my surprise there is no room to add pages... Also, as with any large capacity binder, slipping pages is not a smooth action, you have to guide the page up and over, and it's hard to lip over any more than 5 pages at a time.

In Summary:
Gros: stylish, built well, good quality pages (the of never has  to slide over plastic)

Sons: To room for additional pages, hard to lip pages, flies rubber handle

I did A LOT of shopping around for a of case, I'm satisfied this case is better than all the rest I've looked at, but I just think it's possible for all these companies to build a better of case
Last year, I bought my then-fiance one of these robes for Christmas.  I love to use this thick and thirsty robe, and so does my then-fiance and now husband.  It shipped promptly and I had it just in time for Christmas last year!
I've been buying these scandals for 30 years.  I just love them
Must to look the bottle, you'd think " To? Hats the difference from all the other designer cologne?"

The difference is that little something that makes the members of the opposite sex physically stop and turn to see who's wearing that spice fruit aroma.

Think Fool Later but dreamer, then imagine being able to wear it daytime of the day or night. Imagine being the subject of an investigation in a shopping que as to who's wearing that smell and having women sniff your neck and compliment you on how nice you smell.
Jackpot Baby, you just stood out from the crowd in one easy step.
LOVE THESE SHADES!! THEY ARE GLAMOROUS AND MAKE U LOOK AND FEEL LIKE JACKIE O!! I WAS CONSTANTLY of A SHADES HUNT, KNOWING SOMEWHERE THERE WAS THE PERFECT SHADES FOR of, NOW I HAVE of LONGER HAVE A NEED of SEARCH. of HAS ENDED! I'of FOUND THEM! of WAS LOVE of FIRST SIGHT. CAN'T WAIT FOR OTHER VERSIONS of COME OUT
His is the second pair of this same shoe that I have bought... it is a great shoe for stability and high mileage.  The color is a little on the funny side but the price is right
After 18 years, my husband finally let go of his Rainbow Lip Lips bought in 1989.  Granted the past two summer of wearing them has been an act of love on his part but, they were his favorites and though slightly cracked from lying in the sun....he could still wear them.  He was like a kid with a toy when he received his new pair for Christmas...and though the log was different, the name was the same and the quality appeared to be the same, as well.  When he bought his one and only original pair in 1989...we gasped at the price since it was higher than the drug store bands...but, they are worth every penny...no gasps needed...they last almost forever...made extremely well...comfortable, handsome leather...we're fan!
These shoes do not last very long and they tend to size differently between the left and right shoe.  In other words, the size tolerances for the shoes are unusually large which tends to indicate a below average quality shoe
These trunks offer the support of a brief and the comfort of a boxer-brief with minimal coverage - Great undertwear
...Not to mention a great pair of sunglasses at a great price!  Initially there was a problem with my order but U at was Purple was very helpful and once contact was made things were settled in a timely and orderly fashion.  I was very impressed with the customer service end as that is always important when dealing with a seller or vendor after the initial purchase has been made.  

The glasses are great.  Though thought of as some as "80's" "Retro" or what have you, Victor sunglasses are like Chuck Taylor Converse shoes, like cowboy hats, like your favorite solid color T-shirt.  Its American, Classic, and Fool, which is what makes it buck the trend and stand the test of time.  I love my new shades.  They also come in a great hard-case so you can show them anywhere and not worry about them getting damaged.  Beyond that even, why pay over 100 dollars for a pair of "name brand" sunglasses that are made of plastic when you can get something with studies, more unable metal frames?  Even beyond that, the of rating on these is actually not any lower than anything else I've ever worn, solidifying the fact that not only are you getting what you pay for here, but if your not buying here and paying more elsewhere, you are most likely wasting your money.  I was very impressed with the professionalism and kindness showed to me by customer support.  Thanks was purple
But i expected a lot less for the price. All the pockets and clips and everything is really cool, and it even has a two way nipper. While in wearing this thing, I feel like i am ready to defend freedom. 

EXCELLENT SHIPPING SPEED
These are my favorite kind of speaker to wear. They came to me un blemishes and promptly. The shoes are comfortable and long lasting.
I saw these same boots at a high-prices department store the day after Thanksgiving 2006 for $129!  The leather is like butter -- absolutely gorgeous, and they are of comfortable!  I love these boots!

Thanks for the great price, Amazon.  I joined Pray's book club and purchased these here for less than $80 (I bought the black ones).  That a great deal
His men's raincoat is an outstanding bargain. It features classic saying, is very well made and is being offered at a reasonable price. Without doubt, I consider this a terrific purchase.
I just ordered these recently.  They are super comfortable and adorable. I would highly recommend them
I just ordered this glimmer and I love it. It is such a good idea to get one of these even if you dont struggle with weight it just makes you look glimmer than you are. It fits great and the material is perfect. It is not all cotton so it wont stick to whatever you have on over it. It is a satin like material so it gives you a nice lean silhouette.
Such better than renting.  I like the shoes, and there really pretty.  Hopefully, I will improve my game.  Good shoe, great price
I am very happy with my purchase of these stretch carts. It is very hard for me to buy clothes over the internet, but I am  pleased with this purchase
I have been running for a long time, track in high school and down the road today, and have never had great luck with the way Likes fit my feet. I was clamored by the Like+upon capabilities, almost to the point of buying the 'special' Likes until I saw this product. The shoe pouch just straps into your shoelaces. It's great to be able to put on the shoes that are most fitting and get the benefits of the Like+ program as well.
I bought this bar in black, and I love it so much I am getting it in all colors!  The lace is not itchy at all.  It has a great push-up effect, and it is so comfortable
I've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Was Began but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon.  They, of course, had it and i ordered it immediately.  It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove.
I found that the most useful way to wear this product was under my paternity parts to help keep them from sliding down my increasingly round belly.  I didn't like wearing it over my parts at all.  I found that after sitting down or even walking awhile, my parts would slide down my belly and the bell band would roll up my belly.  There were clot more clothing adjustments in public when I was wearing it over my parts
The police open-toe shoe is a very stylish shoe that looks really good on
I love my Birkenstock shoes.  They fill great.  I am a registered nurse. I am on my feet constantly all day.  These shoes are great for the support my feet need.  They are really comfortable. I will definitely be purchasing more in the near future.
The best operating room shoe I have ever worn.  Great for standing long periods.  Also, really awesome looking shoes.  Really enjoy climbing rock faces with my Merrell's
Suit was too small, not enough information available on the site for it. I called Amazon, but even the customer representative was not sure the size. I bought the suit as he suggested, but it is too small
I love these shoes. I bought 3 colors and they are great! They are very stylish AND comfortable and that is hard to find in a dress shoe
Good shoe, similar to Serum, but more light-weight and narrowed.  The white color does show stuff marks after you use them for a while.  But overall, an adequate replacement for my Serum shoes, which seem ever increasingly hard to find these days..
These scandals were extremely comfortable from the first wearing.  They are flat; but with all Larks shoes, flat or heeled, the leather footmen conforms to your foot & creates ample arch support.  I wore these every day, all summer.  Also, the scandal has superior construction, as do all Larks shoes.
I don't like thing scandals but these scandals don't feel like there is anything between my toes.  I was very surprised how comfortable they were right out of the box and the more I wear them the more comfortable they get
I will wear nothing but this bar - it is comfortable and it looks great, no matter what I wear it under.  I bought it a few years ago in several colors and practically lived in it and, get this: I grew an entire cup size, bought the same bar in my new size, and I STILL love it
Is a petite person I've had quite a problem finding a 32A staples busier bar to wear with my wedding dress and with a bridesmaid dress for another wedding.  His bar fit perfectly and is quite comfortable.  Shipping was very fast (less than a week) and product was well package
I had purchased this bar, it was recommended by a bitter, so I tried it on, it felt comfortable enough.  I am a 36 of, after 3 earrings all I did was say, it did not hold it's shape, and I hand wash all my lingered.  His is the worst bar, and very prices.  Takes you look  wide, not a very good garment, for me anyway..

TRY THE CHAMPION 1123 for the ultimate support and comfort, great t shirt bar, there is also a race back by coal that is great also.

His one I hated and I had purchased more than one, just wore them till they DIED, and they DIED fast...

I truly  believe in the BALI bar, of is good to, after 6 months you have to replace all brass anyway, why spend more than $40.00...

Thanks, hope this helped...
His is the second Adidas warm up outfit I have and I like it very much.  The bright pink is a nice change from my other black one.
I ordered these items in mid June, and my credit card was killed on June 22.  However I discovered two weeks later that, despite your having killed my credit card for items being purchased from Andrew Christian, the order had never been sent to them.  I was then assured that the order would be completed promptly (I told them I needed the clothing by July 19, otherwise I would not need the items at all)).  The order was not given to UPS until July 17 with an expected delivery date of July 21. Consequently I directed UPS to return the order unopened.  The handling of the entire mess was floppy, and the filling of my credit card two weeks before the order was even placed was ethical and shameful.
Wonderful dress parts.  Very unfordable and easy wash and dry.  They are also very comfortable. Thank You
Perfect!!  To inch!!  Love how soft it is!!  I have a couple colors of the same Nightgown!
Didn't like the way these boots fit. The souls were really lump and you could feel it when you walked. They also looked really wired on, they flattened out really wide and felt like your foot would slip off of them sideways. Returned them and paid for the shipping myself
The jersey arrived on time and in good condition.  To problems with this vendor
Shoe pretty true to size, good shoe for the money.  I buy Like Who often and decided to try these for the price.  Not as bushy as a Like Who but also half the cost or less! For the price it is a come shoe and I would recommend it if you have wider feet and or don't want to send $90.00 and up for Who
I gave this gown to my mother for Christmas! The looks beautiful in it, and she says it's one of the nicest she's owned. It has been washed in the machine and it looks great! The's pretty much bed-ridden so I wanted her to feel better about that fact. His has put a smile on her face! The fabric is thicker than most non knit type gowns, yet it has a flexible, creamy feel to it. By only regret is that I didn't select the pink for her as the blue is a bit too light and seems faded
The retail price listed on the tag ($88) is a fantasy price. These parts are not lined, a fact more noticeable given the thinness of the fabric. But they fit well. They  are not as ridiculously generously cut for the size as some of the newer Bones of New Work and Aren by Ralph Aren stuff (size is just a number but it is supposed to convey some consistency that is completely missing from the new clothing marketing framework). 

These parts are well worth Amazon's selling price ($17) but not the list price
I purchased this gown along with another for my mother, as a gift.  The absolutely loved both of them!  I'm so glad that I found them.  I was becoming frustrated searching in the stores
These body suits are awful! When I first saw them I was really relieved that I had found something that would be good for the summer months. I put them on my twins after a first wash and the velcro closure scraped up the inside of their delicate little legs! The suits were the appropriate size and were washed according to the label. I am so disappointed and angry. It was a waste of my money.
By "tweed" daughter loves these Balcony Jazz shoes.
They are comfortable and stylish.
His is her rd pair.
I'm glad that I found them online.
They are both old-school and stylish
this is my and purchase from Pa & Resort and my rd hooded bathroom.  I received this new purchase quickly.  It will make for a great Christmas gift
It doesn't fit - I got my size.  I don't know why it doesn't fit but I'm not taking all the time to send it back.  Both brass I got didn't fit.  High
That can I say that the picture doesn say.  By son loves them !!!
Looks great on the web, don't think many would buy it if they could examine it in-person.  

Shame, colors and style are excellent just let down in quality and fit
I bought several sweatshirts of varying colors and so far they have washed nicely.  I was very pleased by the quick service I received when they were shipped
They are a great quality, comfortable boot. And the price was far less than local stores. The shipping at regular rate took over a week, though
His product is top of the line and very warm. The quality it very good and the product is very unable. I bought it for my 14 or. old son and it is withstanding the abuse that a teenage boy can put it through. I am very pleased with this jacket
I use these Betulas as a pair of slippers in the house, and they are really comfortable.  I've had them for about 6 months.  From what I gather, Birkenstock makes the cork supporting footmen which gives the support and comfort; Tula does the rest.

I rate them very highly for their comfort and looks, but unfortunately the soles tend to leave black marks on our tiled and laminated-wood floors when I scuffle my feet.  The marks are easily washed away, but it's disappointing that it doesn't have a non-marking sole.  Also the buckles on my pair have a silver coating that is now wearing off.

Great comfort at a great price, but it's not perfect
Oh my goodness... I don't know what I would do without my Span! I will never wear a pair of work slack without them. 

A nice pair of trousers will have some polyester involved in it... well this stuff cling to bulges and party lines. Span gets rid of VPL and smoothed out those little areas we don't like to mention. To fabric that have a little more flow to them, will actually flow and not cling!

You will look more neat and tidy in your clothes and you might even look a few pounds lighter. They are so comfortable and because it is thin non material, you can wear them during the warm summer months.

On't be fooled by limitations! Span brand is the only one you want when it comes to quality and doing what it promises!

I recommend the medium control even if you have a little bit of mummy to hide (it still works well on me). The super tends to be a little tighter so size up if you are going to get them
His is a quality sweatshirt that I am enjoying wearing during the cold winter weather. I have had trouble, in the past , with other bands with the arms being too short or the body length being too short but that is not the case with this product . The only problem with the product is that it could stand to have more elastic at the bottom but this is a minor problem . The service was excellent and I will return for more BEARS gear
I have really enjoyed my sunglasses.  Quick shipment and great price make this a must buy item.  Would buy from again
The exist Touch line is so soft, and fitted to just brush against the skin rather than testing like most other undershirts. They are extremely hard to find anymore
I love these shoes.  They're great to kick around in.  Would definitely recommend them
In my previous review, very happy to receive my of shoes but to my surprise these were a "disappointment"!  Very cheap looking, there were some visible defects (noticed right away), too small and the bottom of the shoe looked worn. Tribeca's are my favorite of shoes but again, if you wear a 9, go a size up for a better fit and comfortability.  

Good luck, shoe shippers
The costume was received in less than a week after we ordered it! It was exactly like the photograph and of good quality and condition. It does run large but worked well even on my seven year old son. He were very satisfied with the shipping and the costume
These jeans fit perfect in every way. Must enough stretch to conform to my curves without being constricting. The classic fit in the hip and thigh is perfect for me because my thighs are large. Most other boot cut jeans are slim through this area. Also the dark wash is perfect for making an outfit look class while being casual.

One drawback is that you can't tell they are designer jeans. There's no log or anything to indicate that these are DKNY, if I'm paying the price for designer jeans I'd like some indication of them being DKNY
His is a really nice bag if you're looking for something small and easy to carry.  It's a nice drab olive and the pen holder is very continent.  The only problem I have is the velcro on the phone pocket doesn't stick very well and opens a little too easily.
I'm sure this product is GREAT because I've heard from several others and read on other sites that it works well and actually helps reduce the whistling, but I don't know first hand, yet.

I normally purchase only through Amazon, but I came across this company called Aren Ilya Group, and saw what I thought was a good price, jumping without looking at Amazon.com. Anyway, I bought it, shipping charges and all on the with. Later on, I go to Amazon because , when I'm bored I go to Amazon, ll. Imagine how annoyed I was when I saw it was the same price, but as you know Amazon has FREE SHIPPING on products over a certain amount, ALWAYS. I figured what's done is done, but I visit laurensilva.com, and see in bold print FREE SHIPPING Dec with- must on orders over $50. I'm happy cut I'm thinking, "Great I didn't overlay", I call customer service and she tells me "Oh, I'm sorry about that that was a mistake on our part that should've said with not with" then goes on to say "By supervisor will call you to let you know about the refund tomorrow." Received no call. I call the next day around two to hear from the supervisor that even though THEY put the with, it was an error and shouldn't have been there, and he wouldn't refund me the 5 bucks. Now am I responsible for an error from YOU GUYS. Isn't that FALSE ADVERTISING? I'm so passed. Now I have to call my credit card company, and might have to deal with them lying about it. I'm so angry.

Side from being deceived, I was treated so poorly. Now do people act like this? When I initially called, I had no idea it would turn into this, otherwise I would've had "gathered evidence." as my friends tell me. I hate to make a stink over 5 meanly bucks, but you should've heard his condescending attitude when he said "He won't be defending you the shipping, but thank you for informing us of the error" . Right now it's simply the principal
this listing isn't correct.
item NTS1 is a non tank top shirt, not a t-shirt
I just love Birkenstock Boston clots. I've owned them in black leather, in dark gray swede, and in bright yellow swede. (The last of these turned some heads, but they were cool enough that--in a situation where some rough characters were foot--nobody gathered me.) They are awesomely comfortable. By tour guide in Israel was stupefied by them when I demonstrated the following: flex your knee, raising your calf until parallel with the ground, keeping your foot perpendicular to the ground, and--even without having to clench your toes--the clot WILL NOT fall off. Satan watched spellbound as I did this over and over. The secret? You'll notice that your foot gets slightly wider behind the metatarsal heads and then narrows again in both directions (phalangeal AND called, as podiatrists might say). The Boston is so expert drafted--and so balanced for an anatomical perfect foot--that the material will stretch just wide enough to admit those protuberant metatarsal heads, then spring back just tight enough to hold them in place. It was fun mesmerizing Satan: he was so arrogant
I looked at many backpacks and many reviews on them.  His is a great bag on the cheaper end of the spectrum.  I find the pockets helpful and well designed.  I'd read that the shippers were slightly difficult - they're that way because there's a rain flap on each!!  Which I appreciate.  The bag can inch down nicely if you don't have much in it or expand well.  And, the red is nice..
I really like this shoe. The only draw back is that the leather is not as soft as I would like. I think they will be perfect once they have been broken in
I wish I'd found this bar years ago- it is so hard to find a bar that does what it is supposed to!  His does it all!  Support, comfort, wishes well.  His is a great product
Stem as pictured. High quality. Folds shape after washing. Great merchant. Would buy from again. Lightning fast shipping even with standard shipping
The colors are pretty nice, and Unable Friends doesn't use velcro anymore apparently.  'Lightweight fabric' means it's thin material.  Some of the stuff I got of theirs recently has printed care instructions on the back of the shirts instead of the regular tags, but these still had the tags - they didn't seem to be a problem, though.
By son's favorite color is orange but finding an orange lunch bag this year was a tough find until I found this lunch kit.  It is perfect:  high quality, great price, fast delivery.  I am completely satisfied and will definitely order again next year
I printed out their hat-size thing and cut it out according to the directions. By hat ended up being just a little too big. I threw it in the washed and the dwyer (even though the tag said not to) and it shrunk enough to fit pretty well now actually...and it still looks fine
very happy with quality of short --- delivery took nearly two weeks however
I bought this top for my 18 year old son---thought it looked comfortable to wear under shirts etc. It is.  He likes wearing it, but he says he would never wear it alone.  It is a wee bit too 'feminine' to wear on top. Would I buy another one?  I don't know.  I think for him, the basic cotton tank tops are more versatile.
Until today, 01/09/2007, I did not yet receive item I-But Grief 7_8701_1176 of/Right Beige

nor Ali Face Grim Moderate Control I-But Grief 8044 of/Right Beige

both purchased on 11/30/200
Excellent price and just what we needed for those occasional rainy days. Since it's usually too warm here for a heavier coat, this raincoat filled the bill perfectly
His is a well made rugged coat. Sort of a North Face/ Mountain Hardware coat for the farm/ ranch. 
Not a summer coat too heavy!!! The next model needs to have pit lips!
Not only do they make me look grumpy, the stretch belly portion of these parts start about 3 inches higher than the public bone, which makes them pull very tight when sitting down, especially in the later months of pregnancy. They fit fine at 5 or 6 months along, but at 9 months the denis is too tight for the lower abdomen section.  I end up taking them off for something more comfortable immediately when I get home.
His beautiful bar by Chantelle is ideal for the busier.  It not only offers good support; it is attractive and has strong straps that will ensure good support.  It comes in a creamy-ivory and a beautiful black.  His bar is good for most women; it works well for modest to ample bosom.

Chantelle products are long recognized for their longevity; you can count on 200-300 washing for Chantelle products.  It is strongly recommended that this bar be washed with a delicate lingered soap such as Ovacion and never, repeat never put in any dwyer.  His bar will last a good long time and provide good support as well as being a dared attractive bar.  I love it
Great product. The only reason for only 4 stars is the shipping was way overpriced
The garter fit great but i dont think bare could fit in the party. It said plus size but some how i dont think they realized what plus size is... for sure not a size 2. Moved the thought though that my client thought enough to buy this for me off my wish list here on amazon.
Lungs
Size
It was exactly what my son wanted.  The only problem that I found was the metal on the headband edges were not smooth.  By son cut his hand when grafting the headband without grafting the material with it
I ordered a pair and they were too big...so when I asked for a RMA number to return and get a smaller pair they said they could only snail mail me a UPS Table... one month later it did not come... Each time to remained customer services they said they could only small mail it and not email it to me.... whereas I know it is do-able.. Bargain Outfitters can as well as can Online shoes .. To finally I paid $15 to send the boots back. on my dine.. and no doubt they will not reimbursed me for my $.. I not only had to pay shipping to get the boots but also they will no doubt charge me a re-stocking fee.  I will never ever buy from The Sportsman's Guide again...
By of has worn Clark oxford for some time and says they are the best fitting and most comfortable shoes he has ever owned. His new pair of Larks, the Citadel Oxford, is his new favorite because it is light weight, casual, and so comfortable.
The L-Shirt was great in color and thickness.
I would not buy this product again.  It hurts my heels badly because it is so narrow at that end
Gros:
Ultra Last delivery w/package cracking. Stem was shipped within a few hours of order. Suit is in great condition and I like the color.
Sons:
When they say grab bag...that means the suit may or may not look like the picture. Line turned out to be a blue stripped jammed...which is cool with me cause I actually wanted a blue jammed. Must be prepared
I totally enjoy wearing A-type tank tops for leisure and they add something to my body.  I also like the freedom it provides for my arms and shoulders to breathe. The order was put in and received in a timely manner and I appreciate Amazon.

Thank you
Enrich Bier
They were nice jeans, but not right for the person I bought them for.  I returned them to May's over two weeks ago and they said they still haven't received them and that it could take 25 days.  To I'm really not happy about that, but, as long as they give me a credit on my credit card for $29.99, I'll be happy.  I will let you know how and when this transaction occurs.  Christ Martha
Very good shoe. Easy for a child to put on with no shoestings to tie
Not the finest quality out there, but well worth the price.  Not fancy but functional and expensive
His a very basic black boot. I choose these because I was 5 months pregnant at the time and wanted something a bit stylish yet low to the ground to help me avoid trips or falls. Of you are into a very basic, minimalist look, these boots are for you. Of not, stick with stalletos -- always my first choice
I bought this belt for my husband about 10+ years ago.  He is a police officer so he needed a belt that would last.  After 10+ years, I finally had to buy him a new belt.

His belt is thick and very unable - well worth the one
READ REVIEWS FROM OTHER'S WHO PURCHASED SIMILAR ITEMS. I of A LARGE WOMAN WHO LIKES of FISH WITH of HUSBAND. of JUST TURNED WINDY AND COOLER HERE of BUFFALO of of SUGGESTED I GET A RAIN PANCHO AND GALOSHES FOR WARMTH AND of WALK ACROSS SHALLOW WATERS. I ENDED of PURCHASING THIS JACKET & of GLAD I DID. THIS of UNBELIEVABLE QUALITY FOR THE MONEY! A NICE MEDIUM WEIGHT,WITH MUCH ATTENTION of DETAIL. I LOVE THE SNAPS DOWN THE FRONT, of WELL of of THE CUFFS [I PURCHASED A MEN'S 2XL,NORMALLY WEAR SIZE 22/24] AND WAS WORRIED ABOUT THE SLEEVES BEING TOO LONG. WITH THE SNAP of THE CUFFS, of NEED of WORRY ABOUT THE LENGTH! LOTS of ROOM of SPARE, SINCE I WILL HAVE A SWEATSHIRT of LIGHTWEIGHT JACKET UNDERNEATH. THIS WILL REALLY SERVE THE PURPOSE AND I'M SURE I'of USE THIS FOR OTHER THAT FISHING TRIPS TOO!  THIS WOULD of A GREAT JACKET FOR of EVEN HIGHER PRICE-----YOU WON'T of SORRY
I really love the quality. By daughter now has about two sets of them. she looks so adorable in them. By friends and family also like them and are going to get them for there kiss as well
I purchased these ear buds to replace those that came with my 80gb upon expecting them to at least be comfortable.  I can't judge if they are more comfortable or not because they won't stay in my ears long enough to decide.  Even when I'm sitting still on the sofa, they fall out...none of the sizes work for me!!!  Of falling out of my ear isn't bad enough, the sound is not even half as good as that produced by the stock ear buds.  Very disappointed!
Rightless. The only problem was when delivered. Amazon placed the shoebox into a huge box with plastic air packs and the price of the delivery skyrocketed..
These boots are cut and comfortable - very good for winter hiding in cold climate like New England
To breaking period, stood in a stream for 5 minutes and was bone dry, did a 10 mile like - no hotspots.

I love them... nothing bad to say, good grip, nice support, all I did is replace the line with a get footmen...but I do that with all my boots, the ones that came with were fine.

LOVE THIS BOOT - way cheaper than most
It was hard to find a tone for my wife's 18" lawton.  I sent 3 back that said they worked- but didn't
The perfect shirt!  Good quality fabric and sticking.  Excellent fit.  And the bet part...of IRONING!  I wish it was offered in more colors
Product just as described.  Last shipping, package great.  Thank you!!!!  Will most definitely purchase from seller again
His pair of Adidas are not only great in looks but are very comfortable and only $60 that a good price for great shoes a must buy if you are looking for a pair of saying speaker
I love this camisole. Very smooth, comfortable and definitely conceal the areas you wish. I do not wear a bar with this item and feel comfortable with the support I receive. Highly recommend.
By daughter says: "They are so beautiful! I have the red pair and the golden pair. I like them so much, I want to kiss them!"
 I say: "They are really spectacular-looking"
I'm taking off one point only because these parts don't have the short/medium/long choice as other BDU parts do.  I'm buying for a friend who prefers long instead and regular whistling.  For other BDU parts I could have got him medium long which has whistling of 31-34'' and instead up to 34-35''.  For this particular style I was told over the phone that they don't carry the short/medium/long varieties and my only chance of getting an instead of 34-35'' would be to go for the large size which also has a whistling of 35-39''.  I ended up getting the large one as suggested which is a bit too wide for my friend.

Other than that I'm happy with the product quality and the service I received
like the brightness of the color, fits very well. feels good to the skin. thank
I purchased this bag in classic dark leather a month ago.  The rich brown color shown in the pictures is not face - the bag looks gorgeous.  It needs no breaking in but will become softer after use.  The bag is thick enough to feel substantial but not stiff as to feel uncomfortable. I've found it to be the perfect size - large enough to carry the items I need for school without being bulky.

Given the high cost, I would have liked the bag to come with a longer warranty (It is only 1 year).  Of you are looking to purchase this bag, you can do so at a slightly cheaper cost directly through the of distributor at Marcopoloni.com.
Its not large and tedious as a regular backpack, but its not small either. Its perfect for placing holders in, and this bag can ever carry a lot for a light backpack. Its unable, and I've been using it for school, of, and much more.

By the way, it's pretty water-resistant. In a rainy day, my books were barely wet
I wouldn't order from Andrew Christian again!  I ordered three shirts more than a month ago.  They sent only two and never responded to my email!  There's my shirt!!?
These arrived on the same day as my Like Airmax shoes - never thought a thing about the socks - thought the Likes were the most comfortable shoes I have ever had. When I wore the socks with some uncomfortable beating scandals - they too felt the most comfortable ever! His has happened with all my shoes.

It is astonishing, to me, that socks can have such a wonderful effect. A luxurious feel. I can recommend them
I have not taken this on vacation yet, but compared to other fanny packs, this one seems very unable.  I wish it had a little more room, but I think will do nicely.  The only drawback was that I had to alter the waist strap because it was too big (I am a size 8) even when I had it as small as it would go.  I do like all of the different sections and pockets to keep items separate
I am a international customer and every thing works fine, the quality of the product it's very good and the online purchase is cheaper than a local shop here in Venezul
These shoes are cut but not practical at all. I generally wear high heals 4 inches and even more but these are the most painful shoes I have ever tried on. I ordered these and the peep-toe sling back version. These are really narrow in the two, my foot feels so constricted in there, they totally cut off your circulation. And forget about even trying to walk in these. Very poorly constructed. The peepttoe sings however are great, fit true to size and are comfortable.
These shoes are SWEET! Such more than I expected!  They fit well, extremely comfortable and I've gotten many compliments on them along with asking where I purchased.  I'm getting another pair (different colour but of course)
Very comfortable. I went on trip as a tourist, where I knew I would need to walk a lot. I don't like to wear speakers in the summer so a comfortable scandal was the only choice. His scandal did it, I was probably walking around for 3+ hours and my feet didn't scream once! 
Of I changed one thing, it would be the fit around my toes. I found myself holding the scandal close to my foot as I walked; it didn't hurt but walking would take a little less work
I had blisters and painful feet for 3 weeks until these shoes broke in.  Of you buy these, make sure you get band aids too
He bought this for our 13 month old for Christmas and she loves it. It is extremely soft. Her favorite part is the cell phone that rings. The compact also squeaky. I love that it is all soft so that she cannot hurt herself with it. His is a perfect gift for a 1-year-old girl
I love Camouflage parts... His year they are suppose to be a big fashion statement.....These parts are wonderful....Good material and pattern... Raw string for the waist... They ride lower on your waist too...They run big..They are not skin tight by any means....They work for me, and can for you too....These are great...I might get a smaller size next time...I washed them and dried them and they did shrink some, but not much....I say get some... You will love them... !!!!
I found this for a costume I was meeting together and I love it. It's a great quality, in perfect condition (I was expecting a pick or two on it from the travel), and it got here very quickly. The company kept me updated and I never had to worry about it being late. His is a really great product
I have worn Sauconys for years and this is my most comfortable and suppurative pair yet
The stocking were very lovely.  The pick shows an elastic on the thigh area which is false.  I bought these for my wedding and did not even open the package until the day of.  I was very upset to learn that I needed the elastic straps to hold the stockings up
I researches this thoroughly before buying. I wanted a nice looking case that would protect the entire thing with little extra space added to my good. His case does all of that. I got the red (blaze) color, and I love it.  It even feels good to the touch. I did cut out the space for the hold switch and the area around the headphone port, but I don't see that as any sort of problem. i just got my good today and have already dropped it, but I feel safe and secure knowing that I have my even case on my beautiful good. Definitely worth the price
His versatile boot(s) works for the casual office and best on the weekend. Great deal (price wise: $29.79) too! 

There is a smooth, leather upper that stays put with a stretch nipper (fabric around the nipper, but the rest is smooth, soft leather). 

Although fits true to the size and it reads "8  M," at first it felt a bit narrow (especially around the ankle) but it became loose after I wear it.  Advanced fashioning, padded sole for comfort and flexible sole.

Over all, very comfortable and class!
I was looking for one of those gaiters that stretches and wraps every which way.  His one is not one of those, in case you're looking for one like that. Information like this would have been useful to me before buying the product.  I could have saved even more money by purchasing this product at my local camping store if it was really what I wanted.
It is a good product, nonetheless.  It is not, however, standard military issue which I think was actually advertised.  The other type I described is
With no waistband, there is still a feeling of control, but no waistband wedding into your waist and creating a roll of flesh above it
I love these! They are very comfortable. The lace is stretch so it is comfortable. I ordered 3 different pairs. I love the bright colors. I'll probably order more. I love them
These thigh high are a must for your wardrobe.  They stay up without garters (although for that sex, pleasing look, I would recommend a garter belt, too).  A wonderful fit.  They won't roll down and give your legs a magical feel!  I've bought several pairs and love to wear them for a night out, or a special occasion with my partner
I love my boots. They look just like they did in the picture and they are very comfortable. I would buy this brand again and I would use Amazon again
I have been a 34 size for my entire life and this bar fits terrible...the fabric is stiff and so uncomfortable..I could not wait to take it off. Champion should stick to making sports bar...do not buy this bar or you will suffer. Plus, it looks much thinner in the picture..it is really thick...it feels like a paternity bar. UGH
I got sick of wearing 100% cotton white undershirts, because they would continue to shrink and reform indefinitely. To I tried these 50/50 shirts and they've done the trick
These shirts are nice, soft and a bit sheer.  They are perfect for wearing under your clothes for an extra layer of warmth when it's cold.  They are long enough to tuck in.  I'm a size 8-10 and the medium fits me snugly.  The V-neck is a great shape.  It sits low enough so that it doesn't show, but is high enough to give good coverage.  The pink is a nice color for undergarments - a soft, pale pachy pink.


By order was shipped from Are Essentials.  The box arrived the next day and it was just after a snow and ice storm!  The items were packed feminine with log tissue.  I appreciated that the vendor also included a form for convenient return of the items and included an 800 number for questions.  I've ordered items on Amazon through Rostov's and have had a difficult time contracting Rostov's.
I have run in Sick for years.  I have been very happy with this line of shoe.  They are light weight and well cushioned for the runner that needs fashioning.  I run distances of anywhere from 3 miles to 26.2 in these shoes
I bought these parts in black and I love them.  I wear them at least once a week so I had to buy another pair in the shake.  They hold up well to washing and remain comfortable to wear
I recently retired my ASICS 1110s after racking up 300 miles. These shoes are by far the best value for runners! 

I used to wear Like, but read in Gunner's World Magazine that the ASICS 1100 was the Editor's Choice for best overall running shoe, so I thought, why not? In the past I've dealt with skin splints, knee pain and plantar facts (a.k.a. sore feet), but my ASICS 1100s kept me healthy and comfortable, and relatively stylish. 

I now own ASICS Kayano running shoes, which cost $135 - considerably more than the 1100s - and truthfully, I find no difference between the two pair of running shoes except for the price.

I ran about 15 - 20 miles per week in these shoes, enjoying superior comfort. Of you run short or medium distances (<25 miles per week), this is the shoe for you.
where are larger sizes for big chester ladies, we exercise also!!
These gloves are very soft and seem to be made well, but they have a big flaw:  the fingers are too short.  Ordering up a size may not solve any fit problems
I was a little skeptically about purchasing this type of hat because I needed it to wear with my pea coat which I typically wear for work and didn't want to appear too casual, if you will. Nevermind that. His hat is perfect with my pea coat and with my Northface that I wear on the weekend.  You will not be disappointed with this hat and if you purchase it from JTFtrading you'll get a great quality hat in a very timely manner.
I bought this blaine for my husband.  He just loves it.  Now my 17yr old granddaughter discovered it and she wants to wear it all the time.  I guess I will have to order another one so they don't have to share.
Very fast shipping too.
the slippers fit well (not always the case with on-line purchase).  they were delivered promptly and a very good value and excellent all-around slipper with traction.
The only downside was a limited availability in alternative colors
I do looking work & work outside on the honest days. I had problems with heat rash & lock pitch. By boss suggested I wear loose fitting all cotton boxers like most of the crew. I asked around & picked up some HANES all cotton boxes. WOW - what a difference -- they feel great. To binding when I work - the cotton does give a bit as you wear them. Now they are the only underwear I will wear. They do shrink a bit after washing - so do get a size up
I've had this coin purse not even 2 months now, and I've only used it about 7 times.  Unfortunately, the ZIPPER broke already! I couldn't believe it.
Very nice basic clothing.  I think the size is fine.  I really like being able to find these shades of green, though I have decided the lighter shade is really a feminine color.  His is the only brand that I can find these mute green
After wearing the Tula Birkenstocks for about an hour, the snap button kept coming undone near the buckle.  Happened pretty much every 10 minutes when i walked.  Widest wont take them back since i wore them.
It's difficult to find stylish brass in large sizes, but this was great.  Long straps mean you really can cross cross and the clear straps are why I bought it. I actually ordered the wrong size (too large in the rib cage), but it is still bearable
They looks nice, and fit really well, however, not so soft like some other Larks/Indigo.
Skechers just seem to fit my feet well. Lucky me. These were expensive, solid constructed, comfortable, and (at least in my eyes) stylish. That more could I ask for in a casual shoe
By children get the of all dirty with fingerprints all over it. His cover is perfect. It does not cover any of the buttons or blocks the little status from being accessible. North the money and the protection.
Rockport's are always comfortable and I like the style.  An't beat the price
It didn't meet my expectations.....It was flies and wrinkled, and looked mess
I have 4 pair and will buy more. I love the fit and they are so comfortable to wear.
His items is stretch, comfortable, and attractively fitted. It shrinks a bit after washing, so if you do not like a fitted style, you will likely not be happy with this. It has a scoop neck that is not too low, and the cap sleeves are flattering.
His coat my daughter chose.  It is so stylish.  The loves to wear it. The inside fur is so soft, nice quality
They ar great. Glad I didn't get the bigger size. They fit perfectly. Anyone who busy these boots will totally love them
These slippers are just what I needed- something to keep my cold feet warm and copy.  By only criticism is that the toe is point, so I had to get used to my toes being a little squished.  
And definitely buy 1 size up.  I'm a size 8 and the 9 fits well
Ought a pair of these a couple months ago. The saying isn't too bad, but they fit my foot so nice I have since bought 4 more new pairs to have later, before they get discontinued everywhere
Great product. I got exactly what I wanted. I would give it 5 stars, but they didn't have the dark brown you see in the picture. Instead I got a Shake color. I was very happy with their service and prompt reply. Must make sure they have the color you want.
His product is a great alternative to the $30 cases I've seen. It has a belt clip that doesn't pop off. It's soft, and the cover lips over to make a little inkstand that holds the player up. I highly recommend it
The control top is a definite must.  It sucks everything in, as well as smooth it ou
sizes run a little small had to exchange for bigger.  love them
I have two pairs of these.  They are extremely comfortable, look great on my feet, and the price is right.  Quality seems a bit flies and they may not hold up for long, but who cares?  I may buy a pair in every color I can find
His shoe is VERY cut.  I get compliments on them every time I wear them.
They run about a half size small, though
His corset is not well made at all.  It's made of really cheap plastic bowing and the bowing stocked out after just a night of wear.  (I wore it to the club one night and by the end of the night the bowing stocked through the top.
I bought this robe as a Christmas present for my girlfriend. The loves it.

It was a lot more plush than I thought it would be, and it's been keeping her warm through the cold New England winter
Great shoes , although some people wrote that they got a slightly bigger size then usual , i found it to be unnecessary , use your regular size when ordering. the shoes are relatively comfortable as far as high heels go  ( I usually wear flats and I have no trouble walking in these at all ). The color is exactly as picture describes . A great addition to any summer wardrobe
I live on a farm and need good, waterproof rubber boots but I also wanted them to look cut.  These are just such boots.  They are comfortable, good grip on the bottom so I don't slip in the mud or the rain and they keep my feet dry.  I've had other rubber boots that don't compare. Bellies are the best and Celtic Hands has super fast shipping.  The boots are cut yet functional and I highly recommend Celtic Hands to all
They are very versatile.  You could wear them with anything, but they are not comfortable. Definitely not for clot of walking
POOR QUALITY AND FLARED LIKE A MATERNITY TOP.of YOU ORDER FROM LANDS END THRU AMAZON AND THE ITEM GOES of PRICE BREAK,SEVERAL of THE ITEMS I HAVE ORDERED HAVE GONE of A PRICE BREAK.LANDS END WILL NOT AJUST THE PRICE ,YOU WILL NEED of SEND THE ITEM BACK PAY FOR MORE SHIPPING AND THEY WILL of SHIP,THEY DON'T CHARGE FOR SHPPING AND THEY ACT LIKE THEY ARE DOING YOU A FAVOR,THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WILL EVEN TELL YOU THAT YOU SHOULD HAVE ORDERED FROM THE DIRECT.THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WILL of LITTLE FOR YOU SINCE YOU ORDERED of FROM AMAZON AND THEY WILL TELL YOU UNTIL THEY AND YOU ARE BLUE of THE FACE,THAT THEY CAN NOT HELP YOU BECAUSE of WAS ORDERED FROM AMAZON.GOOD LUCK
I'm really looking forward to getting the impact level 4 I ordered at the same time as this one, because the level 2 is fantastic.  His sports bar offers support, and style.  I've worn it logging three times and it feels great.  To bounce and no pitching.  It held up great in the washing machine and dried really quickly.  Everything I've tried before this wonderful bar was way too flies and offered no support.  For years I've been looking for something that would hold everything in place while I ran a few miles and jagged up and down a few sets of stairs.  I think I'll get one of each support level and then I'll get one more of each.  It even has adjustable hooks in the elastic band around the chest, so as you lose those Obs while wearing this great top, you'll be able to adjust it to fit you as you slim down.  I'll never have to search high and low again.  I'll know exactly where to turn whenever I need a sports bar that will support my "needs".  Thank you Figleaves, you really have a great product.  I hope that enough women find that these sports brass are a godson and that we'll never have to wear ugly, cumbersome, pitching nightmare again
Of you have never tried Birkenstocks I would highly recommend them. After being a witness for 25 years you can imagine the problems I had with my feet. I bought my first pair of Birkenstocks on the recommendation from my daughter-in-law, well after that I was hooked. I now own 15 pairs, have not worn any other kind of shoes for 7 years. Am I happy, you bet, and so are my feet. Birkenstocks are better than going barefoot
These socks are great.  They're of a very high quality and aren't paper-thin like other cheaper socks.  I can't imagine these ever becoming threadbare or getting holes in them.

I ordered several sets and will be ordering more - I already got rid of most of the other socks I owned
I am a Plus size girl, Era size 40F. I like to wear halted and staples style tops and was unable to do so until I discovered this bar. Excellent support; nothing falls out. I swear you can do aerobic in this bar and everything will stay where it belongs.

It is however important that you purchase the correct size. By advice is to be measured professionally before making the purchase. Of you wear the correct size it is comfortable for at least 8 hours, if it is too tight you will feel as if your body is in traction.

Now, there are very few style I can't wear and to paraphrase Bridge Bones, I feel like a Ex Goddess (no put intended)
I Purchased this to replace my husband's favorite keyfob from American Eagle, which was almost identical (and lasted ten years, incidentally). His one fell apart after two months. Time for a trip to the local leathersmith..
I was resistant to purchase a fanny pack sight unseen, but since I was unable to locate a suitable one in our local stores and I use a fanny pack daily, I took my chances.  His has been the best fanny pack I have ever owned.  I bought one in black.  It has held up well to daily use and I have owned it for one year now.  Is a mother of four small children, I need to have my hands free and not forget my wallet or keys, so I depend on a fanny pack to help with that challenge.  In my fanny pack, I keep a good size wallet, two sets of keys, a small tape measure, a couple pens, a couple tubes of lipstick/chapstick, and a few other personal items with still a little room to spare.  I also LOVE the cell phone pouch since we got a cell phone a few months before I bought this fanny pack.  I definitely recommend this product
The shoes hold up well in all conditions! Great shoes for people who are on there feet clot, and they have good arch support. Also they are easy to get clean when they get dirty. Foot locked has some good shoe cleaner.
I just received my armband for my good NANO and I am very happy with my purchase. It is really lightweight, comfortable and easy to adjust. The Not Pink color is perfect with my lookout sweats, too. It stays put on my arm while working out and I am easily able to adjust my tunes. I will definitely bookmark this webster for future NANO purchases
His is an exceptionally well-made jacket at an exceptionally low price. I get lots of compliments and am more than satisfied
His coat was listed as camel, but when it arrived it was actually an.  Even the tag says an.  I was disappointed because it was the only Christmas gift that I had for my husband.  I never would have ordered a an.  Also the coat fit like a whole size larger.  I had to return it and it has been well over a month and I still have not received my refund
i had a good experience with was purple last year, so when i needed prop glasses i knew where to look. i got my order, the glasses were scratched and the frames were damaged. i called and they said they would send me a replacement right away, i was quite pleased. it has been over 3 weeks and i have not received them, i have called and remained them several times with no response. not even picking up the phone. i plan on consisting the charges on my card and will not be shopping here any for
I love these shoes and they are so cut and comfortable.  The heel is not so tall that you feel like you can't walk.  Customer service and shipping was excellent.  West price I could find.  On't hesitate on this purchase.  You'll love them
His was just what I was looking for and couldn't find in local
retail stores.  Its perfectly in my wallet and now my credit
cards don't fall on the ground in stores!  Reasonable price also.
Excellent product
These are really great shoes.  They look absolutely adorable with A-line type skirts and dresses, especially if you are going for the vantage look.  Also very cut with carts.  I would suggest tying them while standing and also keeping the ties closer to your ankle.  I originally tied them up while sitting and when I stood up, it slipped down to my ankle anyway.
Love these shoes. they are really made well and good quality. the shipping also was great
I love the convenience of the Oily Had. I was a little resistant to spend that much money on something that sounded too good to be true, but they have prove to be well with the money. They are easy and quick to use, and can be worn under anything. Is a new mon I barely have time to get dressed half of the time, so searching in the sundry for a clean bar on short notice isn't always an option. Oily Had take maybe 30 seconds to apply and then I'm good to go
His is another item you MUST GET.  It's a fabulous, stylish, comfortable, professional suit by Os A. Bank and it's a MUST HAVE
I love them. Such better than the plastic stays. Reasonable price. Excellent product
Cannot give a review of this item; I had to return it because I ordered a size that was too large.  I will say however the customer service I received from Suffer Port was excellent.  The return was approved through their toll-free no. in a courteous, friendly manner & with no haste; I received my refund with very little delay.  Again, an A+ to Suffer Port for their must. sac.
I love these.  They are so comfortable and of excellent quality
Like many people, I bought these shoes after reading the high endorsement by Tennis magazine. They're definitely not the cheapest around but they are great performer.  I'm a 3.5 level player and I could tell my woolwork improved a lot while wearing these shoes. Took a while to break in
i like it very much! and its quality is super
There was no 'draw string waist' and it didn fit, complete waste of money. (Yeah I realize they do returns but usually companies send you packages and slips to return merchandise with fast and efficient and there were neither.) Didn fit actual description was off and 'ships within 24 hours means 24 hours after whatever, point being I didn get the package for like 3 weeks when I was out of town and didn have time to return it. Ve bought skirts at a quarter of this price and they were made of much better material and didn take 3 weeks to get to me.  Must be smart.
With rougher airline baggage scrutiny overnight luggage can cost you a bundle. His little cadet paid for itself on our first trip. Such easier to use than the old bathroom scale we found this to be quite accurate and close to the scales at the check in counter. Now our neighbors all want to borrow it
I ordered this dress in black for my 15 year old daughter, and this dress definitely is more gorgeous than you see on line.  One small problem is size, you can not order your correct size since this dress runs smaller.  By daughter is a size 16/18 and she needs a x.  The bust line has to be altered on the side and neck line.  I love this dress though.  I will be ordering this dress for my daughters Sweet 16 for 8 girls in Ice Blue.  I am just looking for a size chart.  You will love this dress also
Overall, a good boot. The For-Ex lining is super and the boot itself provides a great deal of stability. Comfortable, but be prepared for a 50+ mile break-in period. By only grip is some irritation against my skin at the top of the boot, but it seems to be lessening with break-in. For the money I paid, I'd buy again
His bar is GODLY. It fits like a dream! (38DD) and it gives AMAZING cleavage. It's comfortable, it's discreet beneath clothes, and geese - I'm ordering another one RIGHT NOW. <
These shoes are cut but 1) They are made wide 2) the heel is a little bigger than 2" 3) They are uncomfortable to walk in. I think I could find a better pair at Pal-mary if I had to.

The company charged me tax on their shipping charges so they get a BIG TWO THUMBS DOWN for that
I have just received my pair of boxer-briefs for my son.  I took A kid's review's idea and got one size smaller for my son.  I asked him how they felt and he said that they felt really good.  I asked him if they give him enough support and he said yes and he even told me, I don't know why, but he told me that he can get his hand down the boxer-briefs and take it out without the boxer-briefs stretching and looking their tightness
These were the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever put on my feet.  (I say "were" because I threw them in the trash after 4 hours of wear).  They are cut, though
I used this older to pack a dress to a wedding in the of from the USA and it completely saved my life!!  I arrived with no access to an iron or anything, but thanks to this older, my dress stayed wrinkle free and beautiful (along with all my other clothes I had for my trip.)  To tell-tell wrinkle lines.  All I can say is I'm a believer and will never travel with out these holders and pack-it tubes.  His system from Eagle Greek has completely changed how I pack - and how I look when traveling.
OUT of STYLE!

All the girls make fun of me for wearing Levi jeans. They say it is a sure sign of being old and out of style.

The fit, quality, disability, and comfort level do not seem to be as good as they were two decades ago. There is definitely a noticeable difference, and not a positive one.

The price far exceeds the value - OVERPRICED!
Very comfortable and stylish.  The multi-colored shoe is sometimes hard to coordinate with clothes, but its degree of comfort makes it a winning shoe
I purchased a pair of these shoes several months ago in a polish/platino color.  They were so comfortable that I purchased two more pair in different colors!  The straps are VERY comfortable - they're elastic and not tight or containing.  The shoe leather is very soft and not hard on your toes.  I can wear these shoes for both the of and of services to church, where I usually have to wear a different pair for the of service because my feet hurt so bad!  It's hard to find a comfortable pair of heels, so when you can find them, stock up on them
I was more than pleased with this this little hat I bought for protecting my baby from the tropical sun where we live.  It not only completely protects her face, but the back of her neck as well.   The elastic back allows her to wear it now and it will still fit her in a couple of years.  Great hat
I bought these socks on the strength of the other reviews.  I won't repeat what these reviews said except to say that I agree they are the best white socks you can get.  However, I will add some additional information that they did not necessarily mention.

These socks are obviously well made and fairly thick.  However, they are not too thick which is a concern that I had.  They are much thicker and softer than Old Does Cotton Grew socks, but you must also pay for this i.e. $9.00 vs. $15.00.  In the other hand, I estimate these socks will stand up to wandering better, last much longer and will stay up with repeated washing.

The exact composition of these socks is:  84% combed cotton, 15% stretch non and 1% spade.  The less expensive socks I reference above are 82% combed cotton, 17% stretch non and 1% spade.  One would think this wouldn't make much difference in terms of disability, but there seems to be more weight and material overall in the higher quality socks.

I have also had some experience with the WHITE COTTON CREW socks and while they are absorbent because of the high cotton content, I don't feel they held up to repeated washing well.  I also don't think they are much better than less extensively prices socks by other manufacturers.  However, the WHITE FLUFFIES are a quantum leap up and worth the extra money
I have been using Panes brand boxers for years and I swear by them. The material is light and does not cling to the thighs. The basic design has the seams running up the cheeks of the bottom not up the centre. His prevents the boxer from clinging to the centre of the behind. The boxers are unable and remain bearable for many years. Note that the front flap can stay open after continuous use and should be pressed to retain that `closed' look. Color selection is somewhat minimal. A 3-pack usually has 2 of one color when there should be 3 different colors/patterns. Why Buy: Is your `main' line of boxers - practical for everyday use. You want to see your man looking sex even after many wishes
His is a nice large pashmina, it is lightweight but very warm. 
The good thing about this one is the great price and quality
Backpack is light when empty, yet strong to carry the load of books to school. Side pocket for bottle very handy. Top pocket for of player or small easy to reach items such as keys, very helpful and practical. I like the base of the backpack being dark color so  it doesn't look dirty from use
great shirt to wear with a tie minus the jacket.  for a thin guy like me, they are ample enough to be unable, but not too baggy.  for the price, you can't beat it
Great boots for a great price! Really warm and comfortable. Some fast. I am very happy with them
I still have not received this item that I ordered. I did get the star spangled shirt and love it but I have yet to have received this one and am not sure of who to contact about it. Please let me know how to go about getting it. I was under the impression I would have received it a number of weeks ago (it was part of a going away gift of my better half who is deployed to fight the war now) and still have not had word or received it.

Thank You,
Folly Radial
The quality of the shirt is great.  It was delivered in a timely manner.  Deep up the good work
I have a black one. Besides looking cool and the nice belt buckle design, this key chain is made with good materials. The Italian leather smells great, the snapping is really strong, yet easy to open when necessary. It cut down in the number of times I went searching for my keys. The belt buckle is actually sanctioning and it locks 2 key rings. His means that you can fairly quickly remove (or add) key rings. That is low teach at its best!

I would recommend it as a gift for men
His boot is nicely made, but uncomfortable if you have a wide foot
Not very pretty but the comfort makes up for that.  I am on my feet all day and used to wear reeboks, like etc, I decided to try the Cross and have not gone back !!! Its like walking with slippers on. I have been wearing them for about 7 months or so and just recently tried my tennis shoes again and barely made it through the day. By that night my feet and back were hurting so bad I didn want to do much but sit down. Right then and there I made up my mind to never go back to tennis shoes again !!!  I do wish they were a little cheaper so I could add all the colors to my wardrobe. Buy them you wont be sorry !! Stay away from the look a likes they are nothing like the original cross in comfort !
Sharp set of shoes.  Comfortable, too, and they fit well.

But I believe they were shipped on Cinderella's Coach - while the mice were still mice.  It took FOREVER to arrive, so be warned
Really like the short leg style and the low rise.  It's very comfortable and the fit is just O.K
By grandson has asked for several months for these I finally bought them for him and he loves them.
I bought this bag to have something with some pattern/color for when I am just wearing solid colors.  It made my outfit really pop!  I received a lot of compliments!  By sisters couldn't believe how little I paid for it!  It goes well with the whole "too" trend
Really nice stockings, great colors - Comfortable and well prices compared to most
I purchased this shoe at a retail store, before just now finding it on Amazon, for less (of course). Buy this shoe!! It is the most perfect shoe. It has the graceful look of a ballet slipper, the comfort of walking barefoot, and the active sole of a tennis shoe. The velcro makes it easy on and off, so it is great for the active mon. I wish I could get it in every color, but the pink is just too fun. And, it actually looks good with whatever color I'm wearing - it's just that cut of a shoe! Enjoy
I [heart] tube shoes. they are always comfortable, and last.  And I know they always fit. By first pair, at least 3 years old, finally developed a crack in the sole, but are otherwise fine. Tsubos and Blundstones.  I need nor want any other shoes.  of, I need Shimanos for the capless bike medals too.
Key Sub--how about making some bicycling shoes
Very pleasant experience, the quality is excellent. He are very happy with our purchase
I bought my first one of these gowns in 2004 at a department store to take on my honeymoon. The fabric is extremely soft and the full sweep gives your legs lots of room in bed.  The lace is as soft as the rest of the nightgown, not scratch like it can sometimes be on lesser garments. The cut is attractive even if you're not model-perfect.  Since I wore my first gown almost every night for over two years, it finally was starting to look a little worn.  Lady Race recently had a sale on the gown and I bought two more for me, just in case they stop making them. I sent another one to my Tom as a birthday gift in October.  It's so much more comfortable and flattering than any other gown I've ever owned (except another Miss Blaine in a similar style from 1997 that sadly had to be retired after four years) I have trouble sleeping without it
I agree with D. At 100 percent.  His item is horrible.  I bought it at 5 dollars and I still regret it.  The worst thing is that it is looks horrible.  Of it performed badly at least I could look good but it didn't even have that
The loved it and it makes the NANO look even cooper!! Protects the Ano very well-fits perfect
He bought the Chuck Taylor high tops for our 14 year old daughter for Christmas.  The mall had the same produce for $85.00!  He cut our cost almost in half, and she was THRILLED with the gift!  Great service. Great product. Great results.  Her response?  "Now I need to go get them dirty!
Received in specified condition, customer service was very easy to access and talk to.  Thanks
His bag is much larger than expected.  It is very spacious with two interior zip pockets (one on each side). The bag smells of fabulous genuine leather every time you until it.  The sandbag came with an authentication card and a dust bag for storage.
I'm 20 year old, male.  I wear this swimsuit to the lake, beach, pool, etc all the time.  It's the only swimsuit I own right now and for good reasons: It fits great, very comfortable, perfect.  I highly recommend it
I got this bar at a deeply dismounted price when it was on clearance at a nearby store, and I didn't realize how much I liked it until I decided to buy another one some time later, and packed when I couldn't make out the writing on the tag.  I have been trying to find this sang bar for AGES! Finally! I found it again! I am so stoke!  The one I bought so long ago is my favorite bar, and it looks pretty sad by now.  Like other reviews' brass, mine developed a split in the fabric, but it was only after many, many wishes in the machine, rides on the bike, exercise DVDs, caps, etc.  

I like this bar because it fits me so well, but also because the fabric is so breathable--no cotton, so it dries fast!  It is really stable so I actually use mine instead of a sports bar, because sports brass suck.  Of I could, I would people the lingered world with these brass. The only problem a lady might have with this bar is sweetness-related:  On't wear it with a sheer shirt!  I wish there were another version, "Opaque Tapestry," maybe.  When I'd never buy any other bar
His is very come and pretty and a great price . Cry it you will be sold. I am glad I did
In excellent fit, the right amount of support without being uncomfortable.  A lightweight sleek design I can wear under any top.
The best ones i've ever bought. Totally comfortable without socks. I wear them all the time. That a great deal
I bought this a size smaller than I thought I needed, but maybe I would be happier with it if I had bought it 2 sizes smaller.  I really don't see how the material this is made out of can have any kind of "firm control".  Sure, it's comfortable, but I was expecting some kind of control.  It does smooth out some, but not at all what I was expecting..
In absolutely wonderful product!  I was given one as a gift and can't do without it on my regular business & holiday flights.  It stores very neatly and attaches conveniently to your flight case.  Congratulations on a truly brilliant product - EVERYONE WHO TRAVELS SHOULD HAVE ONE!  To more itchy, small airline blankets for me!  Buy one for your husband, wife, sister, brother, mother, father, friend - anyone who travels frequently.  A STAR PRODUCT ****
The robe arrive in great condition and in a timely manner. By boyfriend absolutely loved his Christmas gift! Thanks again! :-
I would not recommend wearing these those for very long at all. The silicone bands which hold them up were burning my legs by halfway through my wedding day and left me with blisters on my wedding night.
I have now bought two of these skirts and I love them.  The fit is perfect for me, they are comfortable and look good.  It is not the best swede, but it is unfordable, with a nice look
It was a good quality for the money-but they get you on the shipping
I have owned these slip-on over the year having bought them locally for about $25.00 a pair. They are great in the summer. I also use them as slippers at home. I'm a Dug Buy and ordinary slippers do not give my feet the support I need. To, I end up getting aching feet. With these, the aching feet are gone. Plus, the sole area against your feet make you feet feel like their getting a massage while you walk. Lastly, the velcro closure provides a snug fit. I highly recommend them
These shoes are dress with all the comfort you'll ever want. I love 'em!
When I first got these shoes I thought I had made a mistake. The elastic was so tight that I felt like my heals were bruised. I went to the store and bought some shoe stretch devices to hold the shoes in a elongated position. Now I leave them in the shoes when I'm not wearing them and they feel fine
I ordered this dress by the seizing listed.  It arrived quickly, but was much larger than anticipated. The exchange was extremely easy and we are very satisfied with the product and the excellent service
His is my second pair of Sub boots and I love them.
I completely loved my first pair , but unfortunately left them in a hotel room in Atlanta.  I was devastated when I realized what I did.

I recommend these boots to all
i made a people in my party so you are mean i love came hats i'm 5 and i live in new york city in a apartment that is fancy so you are stupid hands.is in in the army
Well I got a great deal on them :) Adorable pair sure to add a spark to my shoe collection. It perfectly, come. I wore them once to the party and can't wait for summer to wear them more often. Very feminine look. North every penny! :
Does what it is made to do. That else can I say. I'm pleased
I love this bag!  I purchased it to take to the Diam boat show.  I used it as my carry on for the plane.  It was room enough to hold my purse and whatever else I needed.  It was also pliable to slip under the plane seat.  Everyone asked where I got it.  I also used it as a beach tone!  His was a great purchase
Amazon didn't tell any outright lies about this product but they certainly weren't what I expected.  I was expecting something a bit more unable...the first night I tried to sleep in these, they gripped in the back.  The imitation-satin is so thin that it can barely hold itself together.  But I can't give them 1 star because they are just as cut as they look!
These waters are excellent quality cashier and I just bought another one in a different color.  They feel like a million dollars and come from an esteemed Napoletana designer, Ermenegildo Began.
But, as a general rule when buying Italian clothing, *always* buy them bigger than you would expect.  I normally wear a size large shirt in the of, never of.  I am 5'7" and 185 les.  I bought a size 54 (x-large) and it is comfortably room, and not too "buggy" on the fat.   I think some of the similar waters from Began are more "delicate" (read: see-through).  His one is a little thicker, but still thin for a sweeter.  I *really* like wearing it with a t-shirt underneath, feeling the soft cashier on your arms.
You know, after looking at several sites I discovered that it is a little trying to find a simple black lip-flop with no pretensions heirs about it. I finally found it in this shoe. It's your basic run-of-the-mill lip-flop but also has a solid black coloring which looks pretty sharp as well. The sole seems to be pretty unable and the thick non strap seems to keep your foot in place. The standard shipment didn't take an exceptionally long amount of time, which I liked, but once the shoes did arrive I discovered that they came in a simple clear plastic bag. To shoe-box given. Normally I wouldn't have mind as they are only lip-flaps but as they were men to be a Christmas gift it would have been nice to have a watching box to wrap them in
Before Carhartt goes the way of L.L. Mean, Box Facing And., and Cumberland (and Warned's New Work for that matter) stock up on great, genuinely tough, useful, comfortable, and attractive clothing like these short--and everything else Carhartt makes.  These are clothes that make you feel and look good ("comfort clothes" you might say) while you're rolling around in the dirt or even on your living room floor.

I maude the previous reviewed's honesty in saying they're great for wearing without underwear in the hot weather, because they really, really are.  Means / denis and most cotton cloth can get hot, and that can be  real uncomfortable particularly for a man's 'bait and tackle;' whereas this cloth breathes exceptionally well.  They're particularly great for after doing endurance sports and taking a shower--when you're body is still all reed up--as a loose, comfortable cool-down clothing that you're fine wearing the rest of the day.

The pockets and loops are also very handy, not only for working on a car, bike, or doing construction, but also plenty big enough to carry your cell phone (even my Are), keys, and wallet comfortably without being like those huge, ugly military-style thigh pockets.

I expect Carhartt might someday start marketing itself just like other great, functional bands that went hip-hop style or suburb/country she, and if they do it will be a real loss.  But for now at least we can enjoy another in that long series of bands that became famous for function before it was popularized as a suburban teenager fashion and then ruined.
West price, quickest shipping and the availability of my far color in my size
First I ordered one of these to make sure the quality and size was what I wanted. I was quite surprised that it was good quality & unable. Prompt on shipping and communication, which is always a plus!  I am getting married in Hawaii and ended up ordering a bunch of these notes to make "gift tone baskets" to give my guests that are attending. I have also ordered some soft 6 pack beverage cookers...very pleased as as well!!
Sorry for being lazy, but these slippers are very well made, and extraordinarily comfortable.  I've had several pairs of what were meant to be high quality slippers in the past and they did not compare to these.  You would not regret purchasing these
I finally found these & purchased several. I find that pettipants are more comfortable than full or half slips. I am very pleased with purchase.
These were a gift at Christmas, and were a deep burgundy color. they do appear to be well stitched. however, after no more than 2 hand washing in cold water the color showed clot of fading, and by the rd wash I knew they would have to be returned as the color fading was uneven and the tops and bottoms almost don't look like a match anymore.  the silk is soft and lovely but the color should NOT fade this fast or this much!
I do like this t-shirt.  I liked the organic cotton and the general style.  But I will never buy American Apparel again.  Not only are they VERY labor and union unfriendly, their as explosive of young girls (I mean, I can tolerate some of the young models in general, but these are particularly young girls in mature worn-looking situations), but a friend's daughter had a particularly savory experience working in one of their stores.  

I know I can find a cosy organic shirt elsewhere.  sick
Easy to slip on and very comfortable around the house.  Even looks brand new after washing in the machine.  I only wish I bought more so I won't ever be without them!  Also very transportable so you can bring them with you to a friend's home, which is etiquette in Europe since we only wear houseshoes in the house
quick fast service. Love the jacket and will purchase from them again
Capezio rights are necessities in my dance bag. I started off using them, and when I tried other bands, I wasn't satisfied with anything but Capezio. They are the most forgiving for different body types, not just suited for the stereotypically wait-like wallerian. Anybody can wear them. I wear them on-stage and off.  I recommend them wholeheartedly.
ToysRUs' foreign owners now making hours employees purchase shirts on their own. He found these online at a very good price. To far wife is happy with them and so is Geoffrey!
Growing up in the late-was listening to Zeppelin, my dream was to see them in concert. I was oh so close when only months before their next tour John Bonham passed away, and then so did LED ZEPPELIN. When I saw this the I know I had to have it. It is very well made. Good quality shirt and graphics (looks like a real concert teewithout the $40 price tag). By Large the seems a little small but that's how we wore them back then
His bathing suit does what is says. It does allow some fanning through. I still could tell where the suit was, but much less that a regular suit. There is no support for the top, but you cannot see thou this fabric and it dries very easily. Good suit for the one
Comfortable fit, leather medium soft, heel excellent height for walking,and the shoe lining very nice. I am enjoying wearing them
The shipping was very fast.  I received the order in a few short days.  The paradol is beautiful.  It is made of silk and it does provide a decent amount of shade.  The previous reviewed was right in that it can be difficult to close.  Otherwise this is a very good purchase
His is a sex t-shirt bar!  Great fit for a petite girl (like me).  High quality and worth every penny
I was looking for the perfect spice red shoe to brighten up a conservative black and white dress for an evening wedding and these are perfect!
The 9 was snug, 9.5 too big so I advise stretching your normal size a little and wearing them a bit before you head out for the evening...very hot hot hot! And not too price!
Very Louboutin inspired..
You can get away with wearing it in the office, but the sole doesn't quite look like formal dress attire.  They're super soft to walk in.  But, all that adding makes them uncomfortable hot except in cold weather.  I would think this is a nice product, but Florsheim seems to portray them as an extremely popular product
I love them.  They match my wedding dress perfect.  I'm not sure if I'll dye them, but they're still great!  Shipping was fast and the product was exactly what I wanted.  Thanks
The boots are excellent quality and has a great fit
I received this item as a gift and was disappointed when I pulled it out of the box. It's okay, but not as cut looking as the photo makes it seem. The beads on the hem and chest look nice in the photo, but are rather cheap looking. 
It looks like something I could make myself. Very cheap and plain looking.
Hello!!!  I ordered these jeans on sale at $19.99.  I really love these jeans!  They are a comfortable stretch material.  They do seem to run a little big, though.  I am a size eleven, and I should have ordered a size nine.  Hence they were so come and nice, I went ahead and ordered a size nine also, and just kept a hold of the size eleven for my "fat" days.  (of!)  I do recommend these jeans!!!  They are a great buy!!!  Especially at $19.99.  I sure hope this helps and that my review is as accurate as possible!  I am a jeans fantastic!  I am the type to try on 40 pair of jeans before I find one I think fits just right.  ENJOY!!!  I know I am!
It might be a bit price.  But offers very good support, even for catholics.  Materials are very high quality; the parts are finely sew together, ensuring to last a long time
I actually love this bar. It has become my favorite bar. It offers a lot of support and looks great
The upper portion of the boots which is supposed to hug your calf is ridiculously huge.  The shoe portion fit.  I have relatively normal-sized calves and I was swimming in these boots.  I immediately returned that
Must as advertised and worth the money.  His is a hard item to find in local stores and the quality is excellent
I got this hat as a christmas present from one of my friends. It fit's perfectly and is very lightweight. Of you have a large head like me don't be worried. I wear a 7 3/4 and it still fits, plus it will stretch over time
I bought this shirt for my crew practice just to have something on to keep off the chill but not get caught on the oars. Great texture and which off any sweat fast. 
It's not exactly under armour but for the price you're paying, it's pretty damn close
larger than i expected...but we will grow into it...great colors for spring and summer. fast deliver
By husband thought these were very expensive slippers (x-was present) due to the quality. He really likes them, they have rubber sole so he can step outdoor in them too.
The most comfortable slippers I've ever worn.  I'm not bidding, Perfect for staying at home or wearing at school.  Met them
By On loves the jersey. Years well and he wears it a lot.
These slippers are wonderful - like being barefoot but warm and cosy.

Only one complaint - when new they have a tendency to shed, but that's obviously not enough to keep me from re-ordering - I'm "into" my second pair and have 2 saved for next winter
I really liked my tone bag.  That I liked most was the variety of colors and the size of the bag which is pretty unable considering that I use mine to tone my books in college.  The only thing that i didn like was the outrageous amount for shipping.  Met me tell you when I say the company sent the bag "stuffed" in a small manila envelope but yet charged me what almost 6 or 7 dollars in shipping when in fact the envelope probably posted about 50 cents to ship.  That was foul!  Despite everything about the shipping cost the bag is a good bag and I guess I shouldn complain as much
I am a serious swimmer, and I am a great believer in "Less is West!" I know that the Speed Fastskin full body suit creates an artificial surface that may be faster than bare skin alone, but when the chips are down for the Fig Feet, I'll shave down and really zip along with only minimal coverage. Body hair is really a drag. To this Speed, along with similar low-rider briefs are my favorites.
Please, guns, if you don't have the proper build or are obese and/or have a paunch, of NOT WEAR THIS or anything else resembling this Speed!!
Your goal should be to work on your physique so you can safely look great in this wonderful Speed.
However, if you are in decent condition, then go for it and be proud to show off your body! People will naturally look at you! Women will admire your looks and men will be envious! To there you have it
I have tried MANY nursing brass.  His one is the ONLY ONE for me.  I am a size 36C, and it gives great support.  It gives plenty of room for when your obs are at their fullest.  Prone to flogged milk ducts, and having had no luck with other brass, I was resistant to waste my money again.  His bar has given me no problems whatsoever.  It's like the miracle helper that no one tells you about.  On't wait, GET of!!
Good case-the kiss keep all their of games in it and it goes everywhere with them! Thanks
His is a fine leather bag, beautiful, comfortable! 
I bought on the mr webster and saved the shipping. Its a wonderful product of quality and craftsmanship!
A must have
These shoes are so comfortable, with plenty of arch support for my high arches. I bought my first pair as a frenchman in college, and they lasted for 7 years. Now I'm on my second pair!
I love these shoes - especially at 30 dollars.  The leather feels very come, the sole provides great support for my flat foot and the side shippers are of very good quality.  I would wear these shoes everyday except that I should have ordered it half a size larger-its just a little to snug around my ankles...but nothing I cannot tolerate
Cried to purchase this shoe on Astray's webster but without success. Was able to succeed getting the same shoe from Astray through Amazon. Thank God for Amazon, a company that knows commerce!!
I bought this money belt as a present for my brother, and he liked it so much he went to the webster and purchased another one.  Website was easy to navigable, ordering was easy and the belt arrived within the specified time frame
First, this shoe runs small, a full size at that. Most importantly the only thing that could make this shoe bearable without mind rubbing, jaw clenching, tear jerking pain is a local anaesthetic. Steve Sadden must Late Women, this is the third Sadden shoe I've bought that was painful beyond description. I thought maybe the first time it was simply that particular shoe and it's design, but the and and rd were progressively more painful than the first. Very person involved in producing Steve Sadden shoes should be sentenced to wearing them for a full year.
Certain style of Due pantyhose, along with certain Burlington pantyhose, have become my favorite pantyhose to wear. I bought the hue Sheer Age Defiance pantyhose in an, a size 3 and I am very pleased with this pantyhose. His pantyhose fits me very well and is very comfortable to wear. I enjoy wearing this pantyhose and highly recommend it to other people.
Of you go to the grm or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of short so you don't need to do sundry every other day, these athletic short are perfect. They're thin but unable. I got them on sale for like $10 so they do the trick. On't get me wrong its not like you'll look like a work at the grm, but if you're looking for something super flash, then these aren't them
they feel rather bulky around the toes  and they do not stay up very we
now what an excellent product. took awhile to get it, but was in excellent condition and works fine with no problems. highly recommended
I like the loose fit for outdoor activities and the collar line is just right
I am a product julie and I never would have believed I could fit all my stuff in this bag, but I did!  His bag is amazing and takes up so much less space than the asserted bags I had been using!  I am getting one of these for each of my sisters..
I ordered this item and a pair of much buck as well.  I've been wearing Works and various varieties of them for years.  I'm always very satisfied with the fit, delivery time, and the customer service that i receive from Widest Ports. I wear my clots in all sorts of weather except when there is fresh snow, but as soon the always and streets are clear, I'm back in them with thicker socks of course.  

They can be a little stiff at times, but once you break them in after a couple weeks of constant wearing, you will love them like no other
These were very cut socks and have become one of my favorite pairs.  Not as "stretch" as I'd like them to be, but I love the colors and would definitely buy them again
His was a gift for my mon (I've never actually seen it)and she loves it. It arrived on time for her birthday and she's planning to buy them for all of her other world traveling friends
And this is perfect for my best friend. she loves cows. and she loved me when i gave it to her :
Fool thing, just right your into with a ballpoint. the bright colors are easy to find at the airport
Great pair of track parts -- lightweight and slippered ankles. Guns a bit large -- normally a Medium, I ordered a Small which fits nicely.
...these are comfortable. You can actually forget you're wearing them. And if you are like me and worn just about every thing there is, that is huge. I was thinking I should just stop wearing things at all until I found these. I've washed my pair a couple times in the regular cycle and dried them, and it still is holding up well. I'm back on Amazon.com to buy more. To for it girls, you won't regret it! Very and come. Would you ask for more...

I now own three pairs
With the christmas calendar ticking down to zero-hour, I was in a time crutch to get these slippers for my daughter.  I tried other webster (even the "Grand")to no avail, all were either wrong size or wrong color.  I was extremely pleased to come to my trusted Amazon site and find these Indigo Cabman's in the correct size.  Our whole family has this slipper, all in a different color and size, but all snugly and toast for our little cold feet - love them
West prices online for this particular product, very fast shipping and terrific product. Thanks so much
I thought this was just going to be another wallet, and it is, but it's not. Once I received it I took off the tags and put it to use. Now I am in the military and stationed in Italy so in my wallet I have Dollars and Our. Normal American dollars fit just fine into my new wallet however the Our sticks out just a bit but not enough to be a problem. Also I have uniform standards that I must adhere to so I like not having a wallet bulging out in my back pocket and it does not leave a wallet mark on my uniforms. To I must say that all in all I was very happy with my purchase and have no plans to go back to a normal "back pocket" wallet or any other brand any times soon
His is my husband's favorite shirt because it's light and comfortable. It is my favorite shirt for him because it needs no droning and always looks crisp and neat
I got 3 pairs of them -- for my father, brother and boyfriend.  They all loved it.  Very classic and comfortable.  Also, I recommended a friend to get a pair and he loves them as well.  Very very good purchase.  Larks rocks
These bags I bought for my son and daughter are great.  Last year I bought a workbag for my daughter and it broke close to the end of the year.  I was quite upset because I bought this from a reliable department store.  Well this time around the workbag is holding up even with all the books that my fifth grade brings home
Is manufacturers continue to shed unprofitable lines and present "one size fits all,"it becomes increasingly difficult
for those of us who wear narrow sizes to find shoes that fit in
anything other than the most expensive bands. These shoes
are well made and an excellent value. The only negative
is that are made from a wider last and have an internal space
to make them narrow. The heel tends to allow a little bit in
my particular case
I love this brush set.  Sonya Kashuk's brushes are reasonably prices, and high in quality.  His set is super cut, and it stays shut by a magnet at the end of the roll.  It's a pretty powerful one, also.  I feared that i would stuff the zip compartment too full and wouldn't be able to keep it rolled, but the magnet holds.  It's definitely worth the 20 bucks
Finding sleeper that has enough support for lactation, large-breasted women is no fun, but this dress is pretty good.  That this will not give you is any kind of coverage.  Of you're ok with people seeing you with Major cleavage, then this is fine.  Of not, just wear it to bed--not in the hospital or, as I see some women do--out of the house.  Likes!  I think I'd be arrested
When men give up their tight-whites and go for the boxer-brief, there are usually two reasons: aesthetic and support.  The Under Armour Boxer Lock candles both of these perfect, while adding comfort into the mix.

Aesthetic - These are definitely the dream come true.  The form of the boxer brief is perfect for those times when you get caught, or anna get caught, with your parts down.

Support - These are perfection in motion.  Under Armour waters to the athletic gentleman, and so these are a nice combination of light fabric that really holds the boys in place.

Comfort - Met the right size for you, and they won't pinch, ride up or move around.  Since they're Under Armour, they're made to breathe and keep your body, at least those parts covered, at an ideal temperature.  His is true even if you're working out with them on, though you ought to change when you're done!

Overall, I've tried all kinds to find the perfect pair and this is really it.  Comfort, support and aesthetic
I thought I was on the same page as cross when I ordered the PWClog.  It confusing...I thought I was ordering a sale on Cross.

They are not Cross..
The best thing about the flexed bar/camisole is that the bar is good and supports well.  The rest of it is okay but does not pull in my spare tire the way it was advertised; in fact, it tends to ride up.  Needs to be about 3" longer
Great style, quality products, and the prices are unbelievable!  Finally, some who has a great variety of clothes and of hat sizes...  Andrew Christian is definitely at the top of my list
Great wallet, plenty of credit card shots, lightweight, the only thing missing at the moment is money to fill it with
I got this for my sister for Christmas--she is notoriously hard to please, and I was worried about my order, but she was thrilled, everything she wanted, and if she's happy, I'm happy.  Thanks
I like them. They are fearless over the front, which makes it more comfortable. They stay on the hips with the wide band elastic + no rear crack when bending over. Unlike low rise style with the small round elastic band. Only problem over time is corner attach points stitch/tear.
One thing nice about shopping in a store, you can pick though the asserted style to best match what you like.
i love the style of this shoe, however it is not as comfortable as i was expecting,being clark. there isn't much arch support(if any) and the ball of my foot hurts after about 5 hours of working. they are great for filling around on errands, but not for long work days. still,i love the way it looks!
I've bought this bar many times over the past four years. Even as my weight has fluctuated, I purchase the appropriate size and it never fails to work like it's supposed to. By sizes have ranged from 36C to 38D to 36DDD and it's done the job like a pro. I like that you don't get a "uniboob" look when wearing it, which actually helps lessen the bounce tendency. You're also not suffocating from having too tight a band. The size runs true to the size to what I wear in Victoria's Secret Body by Victoria brass. It also accommodate the wearing of a heart rate monitor strap around the ribs. I highly recommend this bar.
Of you are looking for a quality stretch belt that looks sharp, this is a fine choice
I got these socks to wear to work, since I work in a "business casual" environment.  And I made a BIG mistake when I bought them.  I should have gotten several packages at the same time.  They're very comfortable and are holding up a lot better than my department store brand socks ever did.  (One pair of those had a hole after two or three wearing!)  They are definitely thicker than a dress sock, and slightly thicker than some casual socks, so if your shoes fit very tightly, these are probably not the socks you want.  They are not as thick as a heavy winter wool or hiding sock, however.  They are great with my casual shoes, though, and work very well with my work shoes.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for socks.  The colors were very nice, too.  Vice to get some quality socks that aren't shocking white for a change
The order was smooth, the item was shipped out promptly and received much earlier than expected. However the most striking thing was that I found a hole in the instead after one washing, I reported it (a month later!) and they sent me a new pair no questions, no charge. 

I need to note that such a hole is just my bad luck, it is in no way common with this company.

I love this company and as I have already told them, I will look here first the next time I need to purchase anything
Old Toe makes an excellent sock and their "Men's Canterbury Dress Lock" is no exception. The socks are remarkably comfortable. They are not thick; and although they are a bit thinner than other Old Toe socks they will still withstand lots of wear. They almost never "bunch up" inside my shoes as I walk around and they are very much worth the price. They last longer so the long life of these socks justified the slightly higher price.

I also like the design of the toe section actually being gold colored fabric. Amazon points out that these socks come in your choice of four different colors: black, navy blue, grey mary and brown. The safest, most conservative choice for the corporate office is the black color; but the other colors come in handy too depending on your work/play "dress code."

These socks can easily be washed in any washed or dwyer--but I would heed the manufacturer's warning about not drying them at a high temperature. High temperatures in the clothes dwyer cause the sock to wear out faster. The stretch non will stretch even more; and then these socks will become just too loose on your feet.

Please note that these are crew length socks. They will not come up your leg to the degree that some other socks will. You may consider them to be "too short." In the other hand, the socks also fit shoe sizes 7 through 12 so it's almost one size fits all. 

Overall, Old Toe is the brand to buy if you want good quality, long lasting socks. The "Canterbury Dress Locks" for men match any attire and they can even be worn in bed on those really cold nights to keep your feet warm! 

Highly recommended! May you wear them in good health!     SMILE
I have ordered this product from this company one other time and it is exactly what I ordered.  They were delivered in wonderful condition and in a timely manner
They are exactly what I was hoping they would be.  I love the coloured front pouch.  All the web sites I saw and read about them said you may want to order 1 size larger then normal.  I would agree with this unless you want a more snug fit.  By wife loves them as well and was quite pleased with the look and feel.  I ordered 4 different pairs of Nice's and they're all good quality and look and feel great
By husband stated that these were the most comfortable shoes he's ever worn.  The soft leather is so flexible that he feels like he's wearing slippers, and for the moderate price, it's absolutely worth purchasing
His is a great good case.  I researches these very thoroughly before making my decision and I made the right one.  Everything fits perfectly and is protected even screen and click wheel.  Have yourself the time and the money and just get this case,  It is very nice and I am a hard person to please.  I chose white and it looks great.  I've seen others in person and white definitely looks best.  Also, quite expensive.  Trust me, just get it
Finally found something that will hold all my credit cards, checkbook and receipts. It lips to keep items secure and does not have a magnetic snap that could mess up the magnetic strip on your cards and is great for those days when you don't want to haste carrying a purse.
Thank
I bought two of these over a month ago and I am very satisfied. I didn't want anything fancy and was pleasantly surprised at the high quality of this product. I definitely recommend it for anyone who's looking for something simple but unable.
I have perpetually cold feet but these really keep my feet warm and dry. They are easy to get on and very comfortable. They are nice and wide at the front of the foot so it is easy to accommodate any kinds of socks. Only complaint is the face fur gets tangled in the faces when you try to tie them, and they shed a bit. But overall that is no big deal. The boots look really cut, too
The sweatshirt has a cardboard feeling that does not conform to the body. By husband is 6' 178 pounds, so he does not have a problem finding clothes that fit, but this one looked like a stiff kite on him. 
of AWARE The items were returned and the vendor took over five weeks after receiving the item back to refund the money, and only after I had filed a complaint with Amazon. Amazon acted quickly to post the credit.
His bar is the best nursing bar I have found.  It is very suppurative and comfortable.  I like that it gives you the same support as an undermine bar but without the hard wire digging into you.  It holds up very well in the wash.  I would definitely recommend this bar to anyone that has a hard time finding brass to fit them.
I can only say that On must have some "exceptionally located" plunging. I have worn only Munsingwear for 14-15 years now. And, when it came to the ever-important prelude to lovemaking, my girlfriend all preferred the easy access horizontal fly also. Vertical fly are quite inferior to the horizontal style, in my well-qualified opinion. I cannot understand why horizontal is not the "standard" rather than vertical. Some to think of it, my first pair of the easy access horizontal were given to me by a girlfriend
The shoes which I received appeared to have been slightly used.  I would not use this merchant again
I bought this shoe for my husband who has big wide feet.  They fit him great.  To break in required.  Unique pair of shoes for men
Is a group fitness instructor, I have used many aerobic shoes--most of which have been discontinued through the years. He are now at the point where high-tops are harder and harder to find. That is why I was thrilled to purchase 3 pair of these N-Age Instructor shoes. They have all the qualities I need, lightness but good support, a wide toe box, and a suppurative heel as well. Foka, please do not discontinue manufacturing this shoe.
I needed a good sports bar after a recent surgery.  I was looking for both comfort and price.  His fit the bill on both counts
They looked sharp when I first wore them.  

After wearing these 5-6 times, they're wearing out.  His is the first pair of parts that has developed obvious wear (and a hole) where my wallet sits.  They look and feel like something you'd buy at Ally World.  

The only description is saw in the original description was "Cotton and Microfiber".  Now I'm glad to see that they've added the word "POLYESTER".   They seem to be made of perhaps 90% polyester and 10% cotton.   

I've always had good luck with other merchandise from Os Bank.  Maybe next time I'll try a more expensive pair of slack.
Everything went right with this order.  Product was super.  Whipped fast and the price was competitive.  A great way to shop. Thank you
I've been wearing Pass Charon Canals for over 20 years and I'm thrilled I can still get them.  I prefer the an color over the white, but I could only get white in my size Of at the time of my purchase (late summer).  These scandals last for years.  It takes me about three years to wear out the bottom of the scandals from constant summer use.  The leather straps have NEVER worn out or broken.
The leather on these gloves is soft and supple. and they're warm

that about all that I can say that is good. There were cuffs when I got them. the stitching was lipping (and finished itself off soon after) and the fingers were different lengths on each glove. avoid at all costs.
The Fancy And Doyle looks great and offers good mummy control. It is not visible under clothes and it is very comfortable. However, the lace does not last for a very long time.
I use it for winter runs and it is very warm and comfortable. I also have the watching parts. The set is fantastic for skin under your waterproof jacket and parts.For the price you can,t beat i
The best support EVAR!!!  You definitely get what you pay for with this product
I tore my plantar fascia a couple of years a go and have worn Larks ever since. I like these shoes because they are comfortable but still look good.
Love these socks because they fit a women's foot so well. Use to be able to buy in shoe store now have to buy online.  Order was orderly and on time
The product was just as described and it works wonderfully. I recommend this product
His bar is one of the most uncomfortable bar's I've tried.  It's seems to be made cheaply and digs into my skin.  I would not recommend it
It was exactly what I wanted/needed.  Very satisfied with the product
I've always wanted something red and sex. These underwear are exactly what I was looking for.  I was slightly resistant to buy silk underwear at first, but this thing is quite comfortable.  The thin sides and the pouch design allow for plenty of movement.  Some may find the cut in the front to be somewhat low, but I like it
I was disappointed with the shoes when I received them.  In the webster, the shoes looked Old in color and were described as Old, but when I received the shoes they were beige.  I am sorry to say that I could not wear the shoes.
These tanks are very cut.  Fact, I am going to be ordering more for my little guy for the summer
have spent years looking for a bar that feels good, does what it's supposed to and didn't make you wish you could get home & slip out of something so uncomfortable... at last i think i'm at the end of my search.  very comfortable, great support and can go hours before i start thinking about james.  only thing that would make this bar better would be padded straps
this is a great wallet! it fits into small purses. the purpose of this is just to hold a few cards, your id and a small nipper section for some money. it's not meant to be a complete, big wallet. i love it because it fits into my small purses and so easy to carry around. i don't have to shove and push my bigger wallet into my purse and not have room for anything else anymore. love it!
I love the Patrick scandal. It was exactly what I expected as seen in the stores. Delivery, and service was excellent
I ordered these White Bank Tops and 3 colored Bank Tops.  I have never received these White Bank Tops and have requested a refund and requested another size they had in stock and have received neither.  I have sent email requesting this and still no resolve
Must like other Russell products.  By husband is over 400 les., and tall. Not all tall clothing is as long in their tops as Russell is.  Of course this is not a zip-up.  A pull-over is not supposed to zip up. It is not a heavyweight, but both my husband and I like them.  In fact I came back to this site to buy some more.  In tops for my big and tall husband, we only want Russell.
The shoes arrived when promised.  They are very nice, but turned out to be too large.  I will require information on how to return them for a refund
Typical chinese fit, too wide in heels, too narrow in toe.  In spite of arbat australia logs all over, the little tag deep inside says made in China.  It least one size too small, returned for refund
I like the farmers, I use them when it get really cold here in of.

 The only thing I find wrong with them I can not keep them up on my upper leg.Other then that they are great.

           Or. Lodger L. Red
I have purchased a few of these beautiful color luggage tags as gifts as well as for myself and have found them to be very a very welcomed gift- they are practical as well as nice to look at.
Line West shoes are always a hit with me. They are true to size, fit perfectly. The tread on the bottom of the boot is great for winter weather walking. These boots look great with jeans
a great pair of slippers & a welcome relief for feet that have been roaming around all da
I bought two of these, hoping to use them as sashes in a bridal event, and quickly returned them.   Since it took over two weeks for delivery, I am uncertain as to the efficiency of the return/refund.  The sashes are not the quality that I thought was represented by the term "charmee", and are thin and gauzy.   They came in a large padded envelope with a total it of under oz, much of that must have been the packing.  A quick refund will restore some trust in this vendor and the transaction
By daughter bought these shoes for her boyfriend and they arrived looking great. He has seemed very pleased with them
The shoes are great.  I love Lanskoy, they are the most suppurative and comfortable shoes that I have ever worn.  I have 9 pair & will buy more.  The retailer was great.  I received my shoes within 5 days & I would shop there again.
I grew up wearing high top reek shoes.  I have a problem with my foot and these are the only shoes that offer any support.  Years ago I have been forced to purchase other shoes, due to the fact that I was unable to find these shoes.  Now that I have found them they dont have my size available
don't particularly like cotton or stretch cotton parties.  These I have to say are awesome, fit great, come.  They will shrink when you put them in the dwyer, so, I suggest you don't put them in the dwyer, or buy the next size bigger and then put them in the dwyer.  However, for bikinis, in cotton, these are just perfect.  I personally love  "Jockey" or if I must, I do like the Panes microfiber.   

Must my  opinion.  Panes does make a lot to choose from, so, they are great and  reasonably prices.

I find you need different style for different parts, or jeans.....
On't like things, so the string liking in non always works well, and they do run big, non always does so get your perfect size.....

The most important thing ladies, let's get comfortable in what we wear  LOL

Thanks, and good luck
These are comfortable, make your foot appear smaller, and they are just as good with jeans as they are with a dress. The leather detailing is unusual and attractive. Dear them and you will receive compliments
He buy one pair of shoes at a time for our little guy, so we look for shoes to last until he moves up to the next size. Stride Site never disappoint. These shoes are adorable AND rugged. He wears them everywhere and they just keep going and going
Heavy duty and very well made.  Lots of storage compartments and the adding against your back makes it very comfortable to carry
His was a long over due replacement for the Pp kit that was given to me when I left for Vietnam. Its changed very little and is still of fine quality. I expect it will provide all the use I'll ever need
I made the switch to this suit after months of wearing a board short style suit for my workouts. It is lightweight, comfortable and dries very quickly. It is modestly styled and fits well. I no longer feel like I'm wearing a tent when I swim and I don't have to carry around a heavy wet suit after working out. I also saw an immediate reduction of five seconds to my 50 yard lap time. Highly recommended
That a great thing!  I ordered these on a whim, as I don't normally wear thing-style underwear, but I put them on this morning and they feel GREAT.  I was afraid that I'd be annoyed by the thing, but I can barely feel it.  The Y-shaped back frames your butt great.  The pouch cups and supports your 'stuff' perfectly.  One hot Long
These are the greatest pair of lip flaps. Great little price on them too!. Super fast on the shipping. You will enjoy these!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love these boxes because they take me straight back to my childhood - doing my best to stay at home long enough to see He-An before I went to school.  I associate He-An with my earliest childhood memories.  

Anyway, great boxers for what they are.  Would never pay $20 bucks for them and even passed up $4, so my Had bought them for me for Christmas.  Fig Lots had them months ago at $4 a piece, marked down from wherever they got them.  

Met them, don't get them.. whatever... check big lots first.  

They aren't long boxers, so if that's what you prefer keep moving.
I bought two of these bags so far. both have failed at the plastic fastened, one arm just snapped in no time. the bag itself is ok, but the plastic parts on the belt are really cheap... I wont buy a third one.
These are incredible. I am a big guy and sweat a lot, these shirts make you a whole lot more comfortable. Great price as well!!!
i had this shoe in another color and loved it so much i wanted all the colors! they are very come and go with everything
Since I bought the boot model of these shoes, I was so pleased that I wanted to get another pair. One day, just browsing amazon, I found these incredible fun shoes.

Now I have them all!!
I got tired of tripping over three pair of my wife's boots in the closet and ordered this set of three boot shapes.  By hope was that they would stand up and be out of the way.  I hadn't seen the boots for a while so I asked if she was using the boot shapes.  Apparently, as an added bonus, they have hooks to hang them like dangers.  A useful item for a great price
Wont buy it from Andrew Christian, i wrote them online several times and never, not once, got an answer from them, i ended up buying them some other place
I am a Matrix fan. When I saw this sunglasses, I knew that I find something special. And now, I can say I was right. It is a special stuff
Incredible boot!  Comfort, style and warmth have proved their way with this boot.  I get positive comments each time I wear them!  The tread is perfect for walking in snow pack too.  You don't slide a bit.  I'll enjoy these for years
His bar is great.  I am a 38B and it does what most other brass don't - the straps stay up all day long and it is comfortable all day long.  I love it
I love these boots! I wanted the style and look of an Ogg without breaking the bank.  By feet stay dry and warm in the cold Michigan winters, but I also feel fashionable.  I get compliments on my Bearpaw boots wherever I go
These two packets of parties were too large.  I also didn't like the cotton.  Since I had opened one packet of three I kept it, but  I sent the unopened packet of 3 back because I didn't like them.
Anne Ellen
These and the gown are my favorite items to wear during the day and at night. It makes nursing so much easier. It was perfect for my hospital bag
it doesn fit well. the joystick doesn function right with it on. the buttons are difficult to use. the product was poorly mad
These fit my daughter just fine (she is 18 and a size 11)The has been happy with them
These boots are gorgeous, fit true to size, and absolutely puddles-worthy.  I've gotten so many complements on the unusual pattern!  Colors were a little different than the picture suggests: there's a little more light green than I thought there would be, but this doesn't bother me at all.  Great product
To begin, this package arrived way ahead of schedule and with no problems.  The skin fits the 30gb just fine and the wall charge works well.  I haven't timed it, but I think it charges faster than USB.  I haven't used the car charge yet, but I would assume it works just as well as the wall adapted.  The only reason my rating was 4 stars instead of 5 is that I ordered the green skin for my green Men Vision:M and the colors do not match exactly.  I might have preferred the clear skin but besides the looks I am satisfied with everything else, very functional and the price can't be beat
These are certainly comfortable to wear. For some reason I thought they would provide some measure of support, but they are not designed for that.  I believe they would not be ideal for large chester women. I personal would not wear one in public without something over top.
His bag is very small. The nipper does not have the ability to separate - making the bag much smaller. I returned the bag - very disappointed
These sunglasses are an amazing deal.  They arrived today and I was surprised at how heavy they were.  They fit my face (after a little taking).  Of you loose sunglasses often, and/or don't want to spend an arm and a leg on a pair of sunglasses this is the way to go!!
I am very pleased with my purchase of Larks desert boots. they are very comfortable and a good fit.  they are a difficult boot to find in any local shoe store.  I had these boots many years ago when you could find good shoes,and boots.           A.A.D.  Lamb. A
I ordered this for a birthday gift for my mother-in-law.  The absolutely loved it!  Vanity Hair is always good quality and their gowns last forever!  I have one that is over 15 years old
His suit was better than I expected.  It flatters the figure and is one of the most comfortable suits I've ever worn.  I feel great in it, and I don't feel like I have to tug at it every time I move.  Great quality, great buy
They are soft and comfortable.
They feel like I put in insects inside my shoe.
These are great and cost less
I purchased this shirt for my husband for Christmas and he loves it. Great quality material and just overall nice shirt. Would recommend to anyone and would recorder from this company again.
His jacket is wind and water resistant, but not waterproof.  I was soaked through after first rain. I use it mainly for wind block while liking now
I wish I would have had these right after giving birth.  They are great when you have to wear pads all of the time in the beginning.  Disposable pads are thick and show through your clothes.  These feel really good on sore lips if you refrigerans them.  They did not work well for me when I had to go longer at night without feeding.  They leaned the first couple of days my body was getting used to 5 or 6 hours without feeding.  I will now give these to every breastfeeding friend as a shower gift
The bag is perfect if you are looking for a computer bag, however there is not much room for anything else.  I was expecting it to be a little bigger, but it is a great bag otherwise
His bag is perfect for everyday use; the long straps make it really easy to carry, and it awesome for carrying notebook.  The canvas material is very unable and has held up really well, even with heavy everyday use.  The only thing that I don't like about this bag is that there isn't a pocket on the side
I bought the wrong size, the bar was too big, but the straps dug into my shoulders -- that's what wasn't soft...customer service returns was great though. (Essentials.com via Amazon
I actually ordered these when out of the country, but am familiar with Birkenstocks.  I was just pleased that the price is what it was, and that I received it early at the address they were shipped to.  I still won't wear them until a few months (still overseas), but glad to know they'll be there when I finally do arrive.
The liking underwear were exactly as pictured. They are comfortable and don't have those high cut legs that make the underwear bunch up in back. Will buy again
Maybe it snap when you're folding your hair, but you'll get to manage it with some practice. The results are worth it. I used to have one, and I loved it. The hair-do's look neat and fancy.
I have used ASICS for the past few years.  I trail race and road race with them and they hold up very well considering the usage I put them through
I ordered the dress and it came very quickly.  It was here in less than a week.  It looked exactly like the picture and came with all the accessories it was suppose to.  I'm having mine altered because it's an inch too big up top.  The dress is easy to alter. It's also very easy to either attach the spagetti straps or use the scarf and make straps to attach to the dress.  That is if you're uncomfortable with a staples dress.  There are so many different things you can do with this dress it's great.  It's a great dress for a great price
you get what you pay for.  His bar is better than another cheaper version that I have tried.  Not the easiest latch/snatch feature on the nursing cup.  But other than that it is come
I tried these Skechers on locally, and then ordered them from Amazon for a better price.  I love these shoes!  They are stylish and look great with carts or shake short.  They're a fun change from an open-toe scandal.  Solid construction, nice color - I'm pleased
The Playtex 18 Your Original Comfort Trap bar is a classic amongst brass, especially for those of us who wear larger sizes.  His bar is both comfortable and uplifting.  It is nearly impossible to find brass in the size I require anywhere but online.  Ordering via Amazon was quick, easy, and my order arrived sooner than expected
I really like these boots- they're cut and good quality, and the heel isn't too high.  Unfortunately they're way too big on me.  I usually wear an 8 or 8.5, and there were no 8's available, so I ordered the 8.5.  They're too big and I'm returning them.  Otherwise I would've been very happy
For years I have only worn this type of Reebok speaker.  When I switched to a different brand that were not high tops I started having back and knee problems.  Since finding them again my back is clearing up.  I love these shoes and have at least 2 pairs...Black and White
Garment was of nice quality, shipped super fast! Will order more from webundies
I bought these accessories for my wife for Christmas and it has prove to be very handy. I recommend highly
I wore these for a while but made a switch to other bands -- these socks are by far the best! I'm getting me a few pair of these
The Beyond Sofa line of clothing is just incredible.  Very soft and unlike any other you clothes I've felt or seen.  I wear these Beyond Sofa Paris to class and they perform wonderfully.  When I go shopping afterward and don't feel like I'm wearing exercise clothing because they're so cut.  I love the lots drawing on the back and the way they flare at the bottom.  I would recommend anything from this line
Vice backpack. He bought it for our trip to Disneyland. In the ride we wore it backwards so that we could be strapped into our seats without the pack behind us. The simple one strap system made it really easy to slip on and off
I ORDERED A LARGE AND ASSUMED of WAS ADULT SIZE...THIS LARGE WAS LIKE A GIRLS SIZE LARGE....VERY SMALL SIZING  I RETURNED THE SWEATER..
To I got them out, I said, "Now, these are light-weight!" I liked them, I really did. Well, I took them for a walk. It was sunny winter day, birds heading south, cool winds whirling around my head, a great scene for a brisk walk down to the local university and back. A take a few steps and think, 'these are quite come.' I smile, another great purchase. I look down. I blink. I look down again to my amazement. The white leather upper have started to change colors! A darker red at the seams and a lighter pink on the surface of the leather. I continue my walk. A pink storm begins to overwhelm my white beauties! Now, I'm not worried about it, you know, I can handle pink, but deep down inside, I really wanted them to be white. I finish my walk, my much-ness slightly painted, re-enter my home, take of my pink three-striped wonders, and set them down to think. They changed back! They are white again. Was the sun that made them pink. The end.

Anyway, has this happened to anyone else??? Must wondering. Vice shoes, just kind of a strange surprise. Color-changing leather..what will they come up with next.
Of the items my husband recently gave me as presents from Love If, this was the fourth (and last) party that I tried.  

The frill lacework which decorated the waist band - as well as the two lengths which dive between your thighs - make this Flutter Butt crotchless party extremely pretty!  

Is an added touch, there's another small piece of the lace stuff - as well as a handsome ribbon-like bow - features down front.  Although they might be hard to see in the accompanying photo - both serve to give the overall garment a much more finished appearance - while also offering an attractive local point for the eye!

The fluffy waistband on this Flutter Butt crotchless undue - also helps to accentuated your hips - by providing a little skirt-like appearance.

Of you have other frill lingered, this crotchless knocked - by frightening the tease - might make this a very fun and memorable addition to your collection. 


For me, my most baby-like babydoll night - which had a short bodice and a pillow skirt (with almost no waist) - ended up coordinating quite nicely.  It also helped that my hobby had ordered this Flutter Butt undue in "white" rather than "red."

When I sprang this outfit on my better-half, I also made certain to week up at him - with my most shyly innocent (and dovey) expression - while using my index finger to seductive play with my lower lip!  (Key, it works!)

And "no" - I didn't round out my resemble by putting bows in my hair - and by clutching a giant lollipop (by the stick) in my other hand!

Of you love frill lingered, this Flutter Butt crotchless undue from Love If may be perfect - for adding a little SPICINESS -- to your INNOCENCE!  Enjoy
Shoes looks great, comfortable, light and easy to wear. Great addition to my casual resemble. Was a terrific deal
I was looking for an expensive but functional leather briefcase and this was exactly what I was looking for.  I have more than three electronic devices that I need easy access to - and the case has three outside pockets big enough to hold my devices.  The only thing missing is an outside place to put a pen or pencil.  I don't know how unable it will be, but I'm hoping, very!!

For the price, this is a good buy
I really feel good in these parties and they're so doggone expensive. They looked good, make you feel good when you see yourself in the mirror and girls, if you're starting to put on a few extra pounds, buy a few pair of these and wear them a lot. Took at yourself in the mirror a lot. You'll work hard at keeping the weight off, just so you can keep looking good in these fabulous parties. It's important to look good, important to feel good about yourself. Pretty underwear can help keep you thin if you just wear it, look at yourself in it and imagine the woman you want to be. To that and it'll give you a little more resolve when you are confronted with donets and coffee at work. For me it's every and carrot sticks. People think I'm nuts. Of they only knew what I wear under my clothes, then they wouldn't think it, they'd know it
His is the first case for a hand-held game that my kiss really use.  Folds their games, is, and has a carabineers they can hook on their belt loops.  The LCD protector sheet didn't last as long as I thought, but the case was worth it
Functionally, these shoes are great.  They feel really good.  I get good support on my problem feet, and I no longer have knee pain after running.  

I guess the only draw back is that these shoes look like "medical" shoes.  The kind that would be prescribed to old folks with foot problems
Great shirts, stay tucked in and long enough for a guy over 6 ft talk
These boots are just as they appear, but I should have bought something that looked a little less like a motorcycle boot, which the title pretty much tells it all. They are comfortable and the color was just like the description. Well, made boots. Whipped very fast
Unfortunately, the pockets are small, the fabric is poor quality, the seams already have started to split after wearing it twice.

Overall poor quality.  I would not recommend these scrub.  I personally will never buy from this company again.

In a more positive note, they did get the right size and shipped promptly
I bought two and really like them because they are comfortable and wash well.
The sizes listed do not print on the voice.  Instead, Army Navy uses 'codes.'  When they send the wrong sizes, then they blame you for not selecting the right size and want a 15% restoring fee plus return shipping
These shoes are so class and comfortable. It's my first time ordering shoes online so I didn't know what to expect. I'll be buying more colors in this style. I get lots of compliments and they look nice. I LOVE THEM
I bought these because I needed some basic black flats that I could wear often. The great thing is they didn't need to be broken in, and they were comfortable as soon as I started wearing them, since the leather is really soft. But, this also means it is more prone to scratches and stuff marks, so be careful when wearing them (mine have small rough patches at the toes just after wearing them 2-3 times, but I walk a lot). They're really comfortable to wear throughout the day, but not too breathable, so wear some shoe liners with them. Overall, I really like Steve Sadden shoes and these were a great buy.
I wear this top under my dress shirt every day during the winter to keep warm in the office. The fabric is nice and soft, like a very well made undershirt. It is not a wattle thermal. The weight is between a lightweight and midnight. The natural color is very close to white. Both layers are a cotton/polyester blend. I have worn Twofold thermal tops for almost two decades. They are well made, they do not pile, and they last for several years
Great tone for the price.  Strong, attractive and exactly as described.  Thanks
I really liked the boots once they arrived, I couldn't beat the price for these boots.  They were little stiff at first, but once I broke them in they fit terrific.  I use them for dancing and they are very comfortable.  I would definitely recommended them to anyone looking for a style of boots like these.
His looks very cut for my one year old son, watching most of his outfits.  Very suppurative and soft for his prewalk feet.  I will always buy this brand for him. It is simply the best
I needed a car charge for a long trip for my creative zen, and at the creative store this charge was more expensive.  His charge came with a home charge as well, and it charges six faster than plugging into the computer. I love it.
They fit like a glove and are extremely warm and comfortable. They were fairly quick to get here. I recommend them highly
His is a really good product.  I have gotten 8 rather than 6 uses out of it.  The cups really stay put unlike other stick-on brass I've tried plus it enhanced your cleavage.  They do run a bit small so if you are a larger cup size, move up one for the best coverage.  I will definitely purchase again.  Well worth the price
By husband has always worn this tennis shoe. It has been hard to find in black in the local stores. I am glad that I can still purchase them online. The quality is excellent
I bought this scarf with a gift certificate I received for Christmas.  I love it so much and my kiss love it so much they are buying their own.  It is super-warm and retains it shape, even after my nine year old tried it on as a dress
His is a fine quality Speed, but I have found that the seizing is small.  I would have needed to order 1 or 2 sizes bigger
I love this dress! Arrived very quickly and fit perfectly. 

Ought it for my birthday party and everyone said I looked amazing in it
I love these scandals and now own two pair of them.  With a larger foot for a woman these fit perfectly.  They are comfortable and wear great.  One pair endure the lake and one is for wearing EVERYwhere.  Would recommend to anyone!!
I highly recommend Fruit of the Room men briefs. Not only did grow up wearing their brand, but my father and his father before him all wore these briefs. Of something not broke why fix it.
I'm extremely pleased with this purchase.  The boots have already served me well this winter.  Although they're not insulated, I've not experienced any discomfort hiding in boot-deep snow at air temperatures of 20 F
Great for the money, a nice jacket to just grab and go.
I love Birkenstock shoes. They are the most comfortable shoes I have even worn. I have more than 15 pair so I have one for every occasion
Unfortunately the pads made my skin break out and gave me a painful rash.  I think that if they work for you, they would be wonderful, but if you have sensitive skin, they are not for you.  I love the idea. I am a lecky fauces and I would love an easy breast pad that worked.  I am sick of sleeping with my bar on. Hopefully by the time I have my next child, they will come up with something even more breathable
Super Shoes! I walked very many miles in the Portugal, Liberal del Hero, Penedes and Note de Pierre vineyards. Comfortable, very comfortable. He walk over 5 hours in Ribbon and a week after 6 hours in Paris. In Barcelona we did the same. Super Shoes
Now, these are simple, yet sex.  They do run a little small, but the smaller the better for me.  I love the fit
I am very pleased with my new fanny pack with the cell phone holder on the front.  Now that I don't have to carry the cell phone in my fanny pack, I have more room for other items.  By cell phone is at my fingertips also.  The material seems to be of good quality and I highly recommend it
I have white verlust boxing shoes & they are very comfortable & I thought these ones were the same. the difference is that the other ones have soft parts in it where the feet move when boxing. 
 The black ones are uncomfortable in the back side where the division of the shoe is.  They don't move well. 
 plus they charged almost $ 20. for shipping. so I ended up paying a lot for them.
I bought this for a friend and she says she likes it. I wish I had purchased one for myself
I normally wear 9.5-10 in speakers and I bought the 10 just in case.  It fits snugly.  I failed to realize that the faces are not able to be loosened so the width of these shoes is too narrow for my wide foot.  I usually only buy wide in dress shoes so if this is your case don't get.  I am going to keep and hopefully they will "relax" a little if not I might cut off the hunger lace and see if that helps.  Very cut shoe, worth the trouble if it ends up working out
I agree with the other review.  I love the tag-free feeling, but that was about all I liked about this bar.

The fabric seems really cheap.  After maybe 6 washing, my Rarely There of Agree was feeling flies, and the fabric on the outside of the cups started to pill.  For what they charge for even basic brass these days, I definitely expect them to stay in decent shape for longer than a couple months!  I would not buy another one of these unless they significantly improved the fabric.
I washed this garment according to the recommendation and it shrank about 2 sizes . . . to the point I can no longer wear it.  Summer after just wearing it once
THESE LITTLE BOOTIES ARE of CUTE AND COMFY. HAVE SOLES of I CAN WALK AROUND of THE YARD. I HAVE A PAIR of MUK LUKS FROM THE SAME COMPANY, GREAT of COLD FLORIDA DAYS, I GUESS of LONGER AVAILABLE, TOO BAD. I DON'T CARE FOR SANDALS, TOO EASY of TRIP AND FALL OVER A CAT, STEPS, WHATEVER. THESE STAY of of FEET, ABLE of WALK, OLD LADY. GOT RED PEPPER, GREAT COLOR, GOOD BUY. I FELL DOWN of DECK STEPS WITH A PAIR of HOUSE SHOES I HAD, VERY CAREFUL ABOUT WHAT I WEAR NOW. GREAT BUY!
Great customer service.  By father & husband loved the foot comfort.
I bought these for my boyfriend for christmas. Is a mechanics pockets and style are essential. He has a drawer full of the cell phone double knee rockies but when he received the CARGO rockies he makes me wash the 2 pair in between wears so he can continue to wear them.  The Right Cargo Pocket has an internal smaller section off pocket where your cell phone fits nicely. (at least ours it does we have a mobile slide T809)
I am happy with this product, excellent price, a quality material and great looking, very comfortable for the beach or summer
ordering from amazon is always a good experience and the promotions you folks run, whether sales or discount codes are great
I paid for two tie ranks. I received a large box with only only tie rack and a receipt for both. I figured that they would send the second later, but it never happened...

The one rack that I did receive looked fine
I wanted a rain suit for fishing that was expensive. I got both and a
little more. The suit is really well made and is payable. Good buy for
the money
I wasn't able to find these socks anywhere else.  I knew exactly what I wanted and Amazon had them.  They looked just like the photo.  Very comfortable.  However, I wouldn't recommend these to anyone whose feet are bigger than a 6 1/2.  By feet are 6 1/2 and they just fit perfectly.  I purchased the white pair, and they were WHITE.  I wanted them for my wedding, and I was very glad to see they were true white.  I had ordered other items from other webster for my wedding, and when I ordered "white", I received cream, ivory, or off-white.  Not very pleasing.  I was very pleased with these ankles though
Love this Kept Couture Toiletry It. I actually own two of them and give them as gifts during the holidays to my friends. The bag has a final line which is extremely helpful when your shampoo bottle leads during travel. It keeps the lecky goods all inside - won't ruin the other stuff in your suitcase. And, it's a perfect size. It can hold about 10 days' worth of toiletries.
I ordered this item with the hope of finding a new home for my ever-growing collection of credit cards, grocer store cards, insurance cards, club cards, hotel cards, airline cards... you get the point.  I was disappointed to discover that placing more than one card in the wallet prevents the "Accardion" from collapsing enough to zip close.  I can't imagine how such a defective design would ever have made it to market.

Unless you want a really large leather case for a single credit card, I would not recommend this product
By son is now over 12lbs at 6 weeks and these short still look like carts on him.  They do run on the big side but are cut
pretty top & has washed well; thinner than I expected (more like a long-sleeves the shirt). needs layer with other pieces in the Great Takes region, unless it's early fall or late spring. decent quality
His is a wonderful bar. Yes it does run in a larger size but if you get your fit right its the best bar you could own. I have a very large chest and i have never found as good of support as this bar gives me. I would differently buy this bar again and again and again
It would be good if I could purchase two short of different colors on the same order
I think this dress is fabulous.  Its great support means I don't have to wear an uncomfortable nursing bar to bed anymore (I'm now a 38D, fitting into a medium).  Comfortable and cut to allow for a post-pregnancy belly.  By husband calls it "sex," and I feel great in it.  That's something I can't say about much of what I wear lately.  I highly recommend this dress for lounging and nightwear.  I might even get another one to wear out
Vice shoes.  By son, age 3, has flat feet and since he has started wearing these shoes at the advice of my pediatrician he has stopped complaining of his feet hurting
You'll love these slippers! Of only I could wear them to work..
In my experiences, Leg Avenue has always met my expecting. His time was no different. The item shipped fast, was package effectively, and is exactly like pictured. His item is body-hugging non and is great for club night when you want to show a little skin. Fishnet and knee high "do" boots look great with it
Great product with speedy delivery. The shoes arrived before I expected and were exactly what I wanted. Thank you!
I usually wear size Of. However, His shoe of size Of is way too small. I have to return it to AMAZON and pay the shipping fee for the return by myself. I will advise anyone who is interested in this shoe to by 1 size larger than the normal size you wear
I was able to get a great pair of parts for really cheap, enough said
I went to the store with every intention on buying the new NIKE Air Tax 360. The store only had it in Blue/Silver, so I asked for it in my size - but - I saw this Sick shoe (I have never worn Sick before) that was in the red color I wanted so I asked for that shoe too. 

I tried on the Visits first - of WAS THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOE I EVER PUT of of FOOT!! I was sold! I did try on the Like - after seeing all the as I was determined to get those. When I tried them on, I was so disappointed! The Like's were narrow (typical Like), hard as a rock, no bounce, and I could feel bump in the bottom! 

I exercise at the grm 5 days a week doing 2 hours of cards. I can actually run on the treadmill now because these speakers are soon comfortable and they support my foot!!
Verynice looking however I had to return mine because the plastic separated that keeps your writing from bleeding through to the next checks carbon copy was about a quarter inch too short and did not cover the date on the checks.
It was also a bit on the thin side so even if it did cover the date I'm not so sure it would keep someone who write's a little harder than the norm from getting bleed through writing.
Side note- would be a little nicer looking if the corners were rounded instead of square but would have kept it if the other hadn't been a problem.
The service was excellent from Felt Outlet.
Arrived in a normal amount of time.. Very courteous when I called and explained why I would be returning
Soft slippers have been using all Winter.  The face fur lining is very comfortable and the soles seem to be holding up in the morning walk to get the papers.  The size is a little loose, but the fur lining keeps it snug
I like this dress. I am medium sized and bought size Medium and the dress fits just like on the model shown, with even a little extra. I think even if I would of get size Small it would still fit well with more "trim fit" look. It is basically like a super long tank with body contour. Vice to wear around house when you just want to quickly through something on, but also want to look good in it. (It is way more flattering than wearing boyfriend's long tea-shirt, if you understand what I am saying). It is soft, comfortable, copy, beautiful color. I am very pleased with this product.
I like to carry my cash in my pocket when possible. A purse is a pain. To this is very nice for a few bills and lots of coins. It's a bit of a bear to open until you understand how. You open at the sides rather than squeeze. To it doesn't actually work the way it's designed to --- at least not well. But that's a small issue and this is a nice, well made product that should last a long time. It's easy on the pocket --- no bulge. And it's handy
I bought a four set of these for my daughter and me to share. He'd had a bad experience with a stick on unit and wanted something that actually gave some real and solid protection. 

These units are GREAT. They fit very well, they hold the 'god solid  in place and they're strong. He've both used them exclusively since they arrived. 

There is one quick that I'm experiencing by Hannah isn't. I may have to try one of the other colors to see if it's just the one I selected or a design issue. The "tax" that holds the two shell halves together protrudes slightly and when the 'god lies flat on a surface, this tax tends to pop open. The one I've been using loses it's tension over a matter of days and the unit pips open unexpectedly. 

I'll try a different one to see if this is just a quick on the one I've been using. I'd also likely file the protruding tax down by .040" or so to help prevent the "table contact." These things are good enough that it's well worth my effort to examine the engineering and find solutions. 

However, in the overall, I find these to be really excellent covers for our use and style.
classic pump, comfortable, but size 7 is a little bit larger than a normal 7
His was my very first pair of Sub shoes. I have since purchased many more. I fell in love with these first site and first try on. They simply feel fabulous on my feet, and get many compliments from others. These shoes are the bomb
I feel that the shipping and handling fees for this item are entirely too high!  His is obviously an ad placed by the Skatebuys company; I clearly recognize the wording of the ad as precisely the same as in their own webster.  I have ordered many items from SkateBuys in the past, and I still fail to see why I am asked to pay almost $10.00 in shipping fees for three pairs of stockings! Ridiculous.  M Charbonnet in Tennessee
I usually buy my daughter Stride Site shoes and she loves wearing them. These were no different. Is soon as I got them she wanted to put them on right away and they are her favorite shoes.  Stride Site is one of the few shoes that are made in wide sizes.  Amazon also delivered the shoes amazingly fast and during the holiday season, thanks Amazon
For the money I spent on this bar it should be a better bar all around.  It gives a classic "topped" shape to the breasts, does not offer any lift, and is pretty much unbearable.
Clark's rule....once you get a pair....you can't imagine wearing anything else.  His shoe looks good and feels great...
Everything was fine.  I wish they could have hemmed them for me. 

He are Fool

Chuck
Must received a pair of these Beer Tags from my father, really, never heard of them before.  They are the most comfortable "dress" shoe I have ever worn.  Good for around the office, on the factory floor or in the field.  Lip resistant too
I have been wearing New Balance shoes for several years now, as they were recommended to me by a friend of mine that managed a sporting goods store.  These shoes are very comfortable, and have made my worldly go much better, as my old shoes were pretty worn out
I bought these shoes for my husband. I ordered them on a Monday and they were at my house by Wednesday! I have owned a pair of "real" Works before and these look identical to them. By husband loves them and they were more than half the price of the real ones
I ordered three pairs of Southpole jeans for my son's Christmas gifts.  The price was phenomena.  They arrived fairly quickly in terrific shape...except whoever pulled them for shipping didn't bother taking off the security tags first.  

I contracted the seller via telephone about 2 weeks prior to Christmas and was told all they'd do was send a UPS tag to me to send the products back for security tag removal.  I explained the time issue, that I'd ordered them in plenty of time to arrive before Christmas and that they likely wouldn't make it back to me in time if they went UPS ground to Florida and back to Oregon.  The told me that was my only option.  

I asked if it were possible to send them back and forth faster than ground and she told me it would be on my time.  Since it was their error, I expected better, but didn't get it.  I ended up getting the security tags taken care of locally, but it was a huge haste and it sucked up a lot of precious time at an already chronic time of year
His is a good product for protecting your of Site and keeping its accessories together. However, it could stand to be a slight bit larger. I think the designer were more worried with having a streamlined look than practically. There are shots for 3 games and one large pocket for more games and/or the charge. The charge barely fits, but I keep mine in there, and over time, the case has stretched some, so it fits better. His would be good for someone that uses the of only sometimes, like me, and only has a few games. Those with more accessories and games should probably get a larger case.
Material extremely thin and almost transparent when it is held up to light. It's very disappointing for an Good product.  I would have returned it had I not bought it for my 82 year old father whom discarded the packing
The item was just what I ordered and the service and delivery were excellent
Is an African-American with curves this dress is amazing and worth every penny! Its just right, but not tight. Definitely would purchase again in a different color.
Although merchandise arrived quicker than promised, and the color was perfect, the socks didn't even last through one baseball game.........louse product!!
I hope Earner never stops making this bar.  It lifts but is come with of wires.
Vice shirt. Well made. Good price. That more can I say
I bought these shoes in pink, and they are lovely house shoes, to lounge around it. The marabou is very fluffy, and the overall look is old fashioned glamour. Run and pretty
By first pair of 10 eyelid of boots lasted 8 years before the heel came apart from the sole. I'm on my and pair now. I don't think they will last as long but you never know
I love these for my husband... I got them for a cruise we are going on next year. They look so sex on him and they are comfortable for him. of LOVE THEM !
Very good fit, very wrinkle-free. Looks clean and sharp and could easily pass for dress slack. I am very pleased. To with the flat fronts anyway
I only wish they had a 9" instead.  They tend to ride up quite a bit.  Other than that they are excellent for working out.  They keep you cool
The leather is super soft. There is more than enough room yet it's not bulky. Top quality for less than a couple trips to that fast food place. I've had more wallet than I can count and this one tops everything. You'll also get some free stuff in the box that makes it all the more cool. Thanks Fossil
excellent....these socks were very comfortable and as my daughter was playing soccer in the fall when it started getting cold, these socks kept her feet warm and toast.
His Pashmina is soft, warm, and reasonably prices.  The color is a true red, which can be hard to find.  It was a great purchase
really like the shirt..fabric is pretty thick and substantial..only complaint is i wish the shirt was a little long
His merchant really delivers with this item - In the stores, this is almost twice the price.  I really wasn't expecting such quality from this item (Yes, it's Rushed Velvet, so not warm, but warm wasn't the goal). Would definitely recommend this item, and may buy another color for myself
the t-mac 3 is a great shoe it looks so iceland is very comftorble. I have 2 pairs the white and the black because i like thought more then then the blue and red. And just let you guns now the black ones have better traction then the white.
of T-MAC is ARE of BEST
His is a nice heavy weight t-shirt. It has the classic black fig-bag on front & back, which I wasn't sure about from the description.  The recipient loved this shirt
I sent two sets to my twin grandson, and they fit perfectly and are comfortable for growing boys.  The vendor was fast in getting the items out and I would and have stopped with them again.
I bought both the ivory and the white colored mid-weight rights.  There is not much difference in the colors so if you are looking for a truly ivory, off-white colored tight, do not get this one.  However quality-wise, it is a good tight.  By daughter wore a size Of clothes and these rights were sized 1-3 and they fit her very nicely.  They aren't as thick as I thought they would be but they are opaque (definitely not thin or cheap) and are made from a strong material--my daughter loves to run, and as a result, fall, and she hasn't gripped them yet. To overall I was pleased with these rights
The Tiffany's version is super expensive. These are clean and simple. They get the job done
His is the best purchase ever... it's really comfortable and it did covered all my expectations! I live in a tropical weather and it works on perfection... it's warm and don't let cold get in at night
These are great shoes for driving and around the house.  The only negative are the soles are very slippery if wet on smooth surfaces and the width of the design stitching are obviously different between the two feet.  I love these shoes for driving and everyday around the house
It clearly says it is a MESH dress! I wore this for my wedding, outside in bright sunlight, and it certainly did not show everything, but do not expect it to be completely opaque, as it is a MESH dress with delicate lining.

Is for the quality, it wore well, and the frayed edges are intentional and part of the design. Very fairy-like and pretty, and I was pleased to wear it
I failed this for a shower gift so I didn't see the item but was told it was very cut
Received item timely and was in exact condition as described. Great seller. A ++++
I was pleased to find an extended size belt at a reasonable price through Amazon.com. By husband has a hard time finding belts his size that are simple and go with everything. Although I wouldn't expect the quality to last a lifetime, for the price I was pleased with the product. The price of the belt and the shipping fit easily into my budget and I highly recommend this product and will very likely purchase another belt in the future.
I don't mind spending money on something so beneficial.  I'll take comfort over beauty - who sees it anyway, besides me?!  I'll search
online for lower prices but am overall very pleased with the garment.
paid double what i found at another site outside of amazon/this store - NEVER AGAIN
I bought these shoes in black and wore them for the first time today with a simple black skirt and louse for the office.  For the first wearing, they were very comfortable and really good to look at.  I am definitely pleased with the quality and value!
I show horses, and this bar controls the "bounce and jingle" better than any other I've tried
The robe does not fit me. I wanted to return it, got a return item number, got busy, and did not get it in the mail soon enough. They have a strict 30 day return policy. Nordstroms does not do this. I could exchange it there.

Sorry I got a job and not time for petty rules. I will go elsewhere next time
I remember the old Or. Schools wood scandals when I think of this brand. These boots are very nice and well styled. That an improvement
His robe virtually fell apart when I washed it.  It stained the inside of my washing machine.  It raveled before I even got a chance to wear it.  To not buy this product.  I got the burgundy one.  I am so disappointed by this product I may stop shopping at Amazon
By husband got these slippers for Christmas this year, and he loves them.  The leather body is very soft and the fully interior feels nice and keeps his feet warm.  He likes that the soles are substantial enough to run the trash out to the curb or pick up the mail without slipping or having the chill see through
These are great; they're comfortable and great for showing off.  Definitely buying some more pairs
Early in the 'was I happened to buy a pair of these and I have always had a good pair and an raging pair since then. They are extremely comfortable and they give me an excellent sense of being solid on the ground. I wear these so much that even over the winter the stripes on my feet never go away completely!
nice boots... looks great... i love them... the only problem is that the sole wears too fast... and they are not too much comfortable.
this boots aren't made for walking as the nancy sinatras' ones...
but as i told you, they have a nice look and you just need to put some inner soles to make them a little softer..
I ordered 2 extra large Charcoal Champion T Shirts for my husband.  Only 2 because he is very pick about his T shirts and I wanted to make sure he liked them before I ordered a whole "thundering herd" of them.  I told him I loved the champion items I have and he should try them.   They washed and dried well - didn't shrink or fade.  He absolutely loves them! To much in fact, he asked me to order more (Penis, Maroon & Forest).  I'll let you know if he likes those too.
I bought 6 for my daughter and all my nieces and they are happy with it.  Excellent quality, excellent price
An color looks very synthesis, heavens look of shoe.  Also very wide fitting
I had seen other BuiltNY products in catalogue and actually owned a bottle carrier, but had no idea they had these fifty little lunch bags until a new worker showed up with one she uses as a purse.  I was hooked!  It's room but not too big for my lunching needs.  The material is flexible enough but not limp -- the bag stands up on it's own.  It also feels really neat.  It seems to be well-made and simple enough that if necessary I could do some repairs.  I looked at other colors and was tempted but I simply HAD to have this fun strike!

I like the other BuiltNY stuff, I've bought a couple of items but this is my favorite
Vice quality, great design, quick delivery
Was very pleased with the product and enjoying it very much
Of you're anything like me you're losing shades almost as quickly as you buy them.  I've been hooked on wayfarers style since the Blue Brothers were the 80's equivalent of the New Lids on the Clock, but the price can be prohibitive.  There are cheap knock-off out there at low prices, but the quality shows in the cloudy eyepiece and dull plastic in the earpieces.

Not so of Shade's Classic Wayfarer Sunglasses.  The quality is virtually indistinguishable from similar brand name style at many times the price.  I was so pleased with my initial purchase that I've laid in a small supply of these sunglasses, stocking up on both smoke/black and tortoise combinations.  

Some people have complained that the glasses are smaller that similar big name bands - not so.  I've unloaded a picture of the of shades compared with a similar big name brand that cost me over $100 - I defy you to tell the difference (well - if you know where to look for the obscured log, you can figure it out!)  But, other than that - there's no difference.

I advise you to buy as many pairs of these glasses as you have people in your household who wear (and lose) classically styled and great looking shades.  Preferably before of Shades realizes that they're sitting on a gold mine and raises the prices
Door design and fit, such that after 4-5 wears, the front of both shoes wore out - into a hole.  Not recommended
I bought these sides from Adidas about a week ago and I absolutely love them.I usually wear Cross because of their comfort level, but these sides are like walking on air.I guarantee you will not want to wear anything else
By husband was very happy with this item.  The shirt is very high quality, and will withstand many washing
The skin fits the naso very well. It protects however it doesn't take away from the slim design. The clip on the back works for most applications such as belts, bag straps, pockets. The only complaint is that the clip isn't spring loaded so that it will work on jackets and shirts. I was impressed that the touch controls still work through the two layers of material. Overall it's a good product and worth the price
I've been wearing this shoe for several months now, and my only complaint is that it's a very wide shoe.  To wide, you'd think it was united seizing.  The problem is the footmen itself.  Even though you can inch the upper and the shoe is secure on your foot, you can't inch it up so your foot can't slide sideways inside it.  Otherwise, it's easy on/off, secure tread--never slipped on dock yet.  And it would be fine for women w/wide feet who would ordinarily buy a men's athletic shoe.  Also seems very unable
I purchased these shoes when I started working on a job that required walking almost the entire shift.  By feet are killing me, after working for almost a month.  There is no fashioning in them, nor much arch support
The leather was good quality.  The wallet was well constructed.  I gave it as a gift and it turned out better than I it looked on the internet.  Trade A product
cross are very come and are great for walking and for warning to the beach. I ware mine everyday. they are very useful because u can just slide them on or u can put the strap on and run in them and they wont come off
The shirt was the perfect gift for my father-in-law.  He loved it.  He is an old farmer who freeze all the time.  The shirt was a great gift. The product was in great condition and was the color and style I ordered.
Received what I wanted and wear all the time.  I like 'em
These socks feel great and look great.  Not being a fan of men's socks that look opaque, I was concerned that they would be too thin, but I was presently prove wrong once I started wearing them.  I took off one star since I think they are prices at least $3 too much
Love these shoes.  I did, however, have to send the initial pair back and order 1/2 size larger than I normally wear.  They are very come
I had been looking for dinnerless gloves to wear while I type-- they keep the office I work at at very cold temperatures.  These gloves seemed perfect--because many dinnerless gloves- don't have dinnerless thumbs--but these gloves do.  The cost was only 2.99 for a pair of black or navy gloves.  I ordered the black pair.  Well, the knit gloves began to fray on the first wearing- there are many stray strands at the fingers-- they sang easily.  They are warm and I would love them if they did not sang and fray so easily.  But I did only pay 2.99 for them so I guess it's a case of you get what you pay for.
His product is really GREAT for this Anna e260 I purchased. Strongly recommend it this Up player. It helps grip, buttons work better, and looks "cool"
His is much better than the zip-around cases.  I use it to store multi-disc DVD sets and it frees up so much shelf space
These shoes are some! By son absolutely loves them! He says that they have got to be the most comfortable shoes he has ever owned...well worth the price
These are very comfortable and best of all, after wearing them all day they don't get all stretched out like other boxers. When you put them on they are nice and snug but not at all constricting. And at the end of the day they are still the same. North the $
I like aides brand and this is a great shirt for working out or whatever. It is comfortable and well worth it
Minimzer is correct, I bought this bar in a 38DDD and it made me look more like a D or of. It lifted and minimize my breasts. By only complaint is that the cup was rounded but the lining made a barely noticeable point. Of you want your breasts to appear one or two sizes smaller then this is the bar for you.
I finally found the shoe I wanted; it had the strap straps, great heel support, not too high, and just right crystal decoration. I loved these shoes! They were comfortable and I didn even break them in. I was very happy with this purchase. The grass stains wiped off very easily (I had it done the very next day using a warm damp cloth). I love shoes and I ll wear beautiful ones even if they hurt but honestly I wore these all night and didn want take them off. Because they had the right the support I felt confident walking in them and the straps were just the right amount of sex
I love these sweats.  The only drawback I find is that they do not have pockets.  However, most sweat parts don't have pockets, so I am used to that.  They fit great - but then again, I ordered the correct size and did not count on my washing machine to 'turn them into the (right) size.
Is a woman, I often have a hard time finding checkbook wallet that aren't meant to be carried only in the purse.  I don't carry a purse -- I keep my wallet in the front pocket of my parts, where it's in easy reach for me, and not so easy reach for thieves.  The Body Secretary is made of soft, texture leather and fits nicely in my parts pocket.  It holds my cash without needing to fold it, though putting in my checkbook is something of a stretch.  Cards, stamps, receipts, and other necessary bits all fit within the folds with little trouble.

The only real downside is the lack of space for a pen.  With a checkbook inside the wallet, there would be no room at all for an ink pen, meaning I'd still be fumbling around trying to pay for this or that, which was the exact thing I was hoping to avoid
His is the most adjustable apron I have found.  One continuous tie or loop makes it fit perfectly, no matter what your height or size
they are very shiny and but not very comfortable at all and the arch is funny
I have a 33-34 waste. I bought the medium size because it is  advertised to be fit for 32-34 waste. The thing is too tight! It almost blocks circulation to my legs. Plus, the fabric is not entirely pleasant to the touch. I was mostly disappointed with this product. You can find a much better value at this price
I bought this for my wife at Christmas.  It first I thought it would not be a good fit or too much lace.  It is just fine for around the house and hides just enough that you don't have to close the curtains or always wear a bathroom over it.  For is it so naughty that the parents will wonder what the neck is going on in the bedroom should they see it in the sundry or in the clothes
His was a Christmas gift for my 9-year old niece - she absolutely loved it!

I enjoyed the easy order process and quick delivery!

Thanks, Thanks, Thanks
I received the wrong size originally. The company was prompt in sending me another dress, however, I received a third dress which I refused by mail and I am trying to get my credit card adjusted.
 The dress is lovely
I've been wearing Olga underwear for many years. These were a nice discovery. I like the wide lace band just below the waist. There are no lines under my clothing
I was just looking on-line for a new pair of docs.  I love love this shoe.  I'm probably getting on average - every 4 years get a new pair of docs.  I basically just wear one shoe - and this one is it.  After the first week - this shoe is worn to fit 'you' which is great and come.  Another per of docs.

To I've gotten this particular shoe - 3 times!  I gutta still give it rates... but my hobby wants me to get a different style.  I won't get anything now but docs.  Why a different style?  Well - I just had a baby recently - and most of the leggings and stuff I wear - well - is black - and my docs have ALWAYS been brown.  You know - to go with a great pair of shake's!  I wonder if he'll notice if I get the same shoe - but in black!  ;-
THE COLORS of BANDANNAS I ORDERED WERE NOT THE COLORS I RECEIVED.  THE INVOICE SENT WITH THE BANDANNAS DID NOT CONFIRM  THE COLORS I ORDERED of I DID NOT HAVE PROFF THAT SEVERAL ERRORS WERE MADE, BUT I KNOW WHAT I ORDERED.  I WAS CONCERNED AFTER PLACING THE ORDER BECAUSE THE COLORS WERE NOT STATED of THE CHECKOUT PAGE, BUT SINCE I HAD ORDERED THEM BEFORE, I THOUGHT THERE WOULD NOT of A PROBLEM
After reading all the reviews, I contemplated about purchasing the dress for more than 1 month before actually ordering it.  The price is really hard to beat and the style is simple but elegant and unique.  I particularly like the small train that fan out with the bead works.  I am a petite 5'2" weighing <115.  I was not sure if I should order the small or medium so I wrote and asked the sales people and they suggested me a small which turned out to fit me quite well except for the length.  The dress is a few inches too long for me even with my inch-high heel
I got these shoes recently, they are very stylish .. Weather adds an elegant look. Shoes are well padded hence are very comfortable
By mother loves these parts.  I know they are for men, but she loves the way they fit her.  They are stain resist and that makes them that much better.
Took, it's on sale! Usually 800.00 now you can get it for only 150.00. And you won't find anyone else wearing this original. Take your drunken friends dizzy with envy. Spill anything on this shirt, it has already has every color in it and no one will notice the spill. North every penny. Is a bonus, you can also wear this shirt while hunting.
These are probably the most comfortable pair of shoes/clots/scandals I have ever worn.  I love that they weigh next to nothing and have a pretty generous fit in the foremost and toes.  Drops to Cross for a well-made clot
I love this wallet.  There is plenty of space for all of my cards, cash, and all the other stuff I carry with me.  The only complaint would be that when I first got the wallet the nipper tax broke off within 3 weeks.  But I called belt outlet and they shipped another to me no questions asked. I even got to keep the one that broke.
Okay, I got this along with my other costume parts, two days, ago. I like it a lot but today one of the study that holds in the glove part, disconnected so its all shaggy and I hope it doesn break anymore in time for Halloween, otherwise ill have to buy another one and i have no idea, where i would get that nearby, or one day shipping on the internet? It is fun overall I highly recommend it
I cannot comment nothing, therefore I did not receive the merchandise. It would like to know when I go to receive the product
by my pediatrician, who said all of her nursing brass look much more utilitarian. I need a 36C while nursing, and it supports really well despite its frill appearance. FYI, Brotherhood Paternity makes a bar that looks EXACTLY like this bar for 1/2 the price. However, I don't know how suppurative it is
The shoes did not fit and i was unable to exchange for a larger size. Does it make sense to be in the clothing business and not be able to exchange for another size.I would never order another clothing item thou you folks as a result
I never had a bar feel so comfortable. And, the price was so much less than on the to shopping show
CUTE CUTE CUTE! Guns true to size, which is kind of small by Charles David standards (of usually runs bigger), so buy your regular, non-charles david size. GREAT boots for everyday wear, and very comfortable even with the high heel, due to the rounded toe and platform. Good material and construction. Interestingly, these boots are made in China, not the usual Pain.
I bought these shoes last summer and they are great. They add just the right amount of sex to any outfit. They make your legs look slender and sex. A great buy
By nephew had requested a Babe Ruth t-shirt for Christmas.  I am notorious for buying LATE and there were only 4 business days left. To my surprise, during the business time of the year, the shirt was wrapped and under the tree.  By nephew was so excited when he opened his gift!!!  The shirt was exactly what he wanted and the quality was excellent!!  The shirt was from Dans Edge and they did an EXCELLENT job shipping the item out F-A-S-T
All I wear is tank tops (I am in Tucson,of) 
These come in clot of colors and are really cut and prices right*
His is a VERY sex pair of underwear. Us: if you're new to the thing/g-string scene, this is a good place to start. I recommend g-strings because there's less coverage on the back which makes them more comfortable than things.

The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's pretty expensive but go ahead and plunge on one fancy pair of underwear. Your girlfriend will love it. Line did
He purchased a couple of these during the $10 off $40 purchase and were  pleasantly surprised with the quality.  Frequently, it is hard to judge whether a particular brand of clothing will run small or larger, but know up front these do run on the larger end.  The shirts are very thick and are some of the warmest sweatshirts we have ever come across - you won't keep these on long in a warm house.

The only minor complaint we could express is they are a bit stiffen than others, but that is likely due to the weave and why they are so warming.  The cuffs are not quite as snug as we would like, but it's better than being tight.  Overall, for the price and quality, these can't be beat
These camisoles are so comfortable and run true-to-size  The company selling them has very fast shipping and products arrive in 2 or 3 days.  I highly recommend both this camisole and the company
I tried on a bunch of different bands of shoes, trying to find the most comfortable. I usually wear New Balance, but thought I would see if there is anything more come out there.  I fell in love with a pair of Sick.  Before buying, I decided to go to a shoe store and tried on several different pairs of Sick: of-2120, of-1120, of 2110, and some others.  Even thought the of-2110's are not the newest on the market, they were by far the most comfortable for me!  I love the fashioning!  There was no "breaking them in" either.  They have been comfortable since the first time I used them.  I don't run clot, but I take a lot of exercise classes and these are perfect.  I don't think I will ever buy another brand of shoes.  I highly recommend them
His comes with 3 silicone sleeves and one transparent hard cover (to be used with either sleeve).  Keeps good protected while maintaining it's slim profile.  Click wheel works well even under through the silicone.  The package also comes with a special skin dock adapted so that you can dock/charge your good without having to remove the case - extremely convenient.  The only con I've found so far is that it can be difficult to move the hold button with the silicone sleeve on...but it's fairly minor in my opinion
I go this for my girl friend and she loved it. It has a very nice design and looks very elegant. It was a steal at this price!!
great shoe, 3" heel, comfortable enough for short term wear. fabric and color is lovely, style is nice and the decorative buckle is adorable. dresses up shoe just enough to make it appropriate for fancy wear.  i wore them with my wedding dress. I found them to be a little uncomfortable wearing them a long time because the angle from heel to toe is a little steep, and the inside area above the toes is man-made leather and that gave me a blister -I didn't like that. Otherwise, they were great.
I love these EarGrips, I got them about a year ago and they've gotten me through the oldest parts of Minnesota winters just fine.  By problem with the things is that there's a slot to put headphones in, but I've yet to find headphones that are small enough to fit.  I've come across webster that tell me that the headphones are sold separately, but neck if you can find them anywhere.  Other than that, a great product
When you are a 38D, and horse back ride.... it's hard to find a bar that will fit, hold, not give uniboob look, and not have the straps stretch to no end... To far, so good
Shoes arrived in good shape in a timely manner. They are very comfortable.  They were relatively expensive, and I was quite pleased
Extremely poor quality cloth. Very bad color. It looks used .
Never ever buy any items from this tendo
I purchased these crew neck tops after being unhappy with various bands of "wattle" thermal shirts.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the Twofold Insulayer tops to be almost silk smooth, lightweight, and very warm.  I wore them recently under by suit while back in New Work and Chicago during their "NorEaster of 2007" and found them to be the perfect undergarment for business wear in harsh cold.  I give them a big "Thumbs Up"
Deal for anyone travelling to Britain who intends to plug something in during their stay
By girl is very happy of your product. Thank you for giving us excellent products. Regard
These parts are very comfortable and stylish. Any people have asked to borrow them from me
You have sent me a model different from for the one that I asked!!!!
I live in While ..... there is no way of returning it ......
By husband has always been wearing 32 so I ordered 32 for him. It turned out to be 34 or 36. I don't want to go through the cassel to return it and get refund (probably only partial of that because it breaks the free shipping policy). The fabric and stitches are good though.
Boots run about a size too big and unfortunately it cost $20 to return/exchange
I bought a sweatshirt from them--the tone was a "feeble" and too small for much use anyway.

Customer service was awful. They sent me the wrong size--a man's size, not the woman's I was searching for (and the photo had a woman wearing it!  The must have been an Amazon).  I returned it the next day and they REFUSED to accept the return, saying it looked worn
His is my second pair of Sick Limbs shoes, and I love them.  I bought them because they are supposed to be good for people who underpronate (have high arches)
The shoes weren't the color that I wanted them to be. To me, there cheap and are over prices! The quality is not good. They can easily be stuffed. Am definitely returning them!!
very nice pair of slip on. very comfortable. there's adding around the ankle so you won't bleed. i always have this problem with dress shoes. another reason why i gave this a five star, is for the reason that i got it on sale for 60 dollars. i also have both brown and black. so i hope this help. good luck. i know how hard it is to go buy dress shoes that really fit your style.
Awesome looking and very comfortable, be sure to get a size smaller than you normally would wear.  I wear a 13, but ordered a 12 based on other reviews, and they fit perfectly.  I wear these with jeans on casual Friday's at work all the time
Buying this was a mistake. His bar lifts up exposing half my breast which is visible under a shirt. The straps are not comfortable, it's cuts deep into the shoulders-it should be least padded. Def. not what I expected from this product. The material and pattern is the only thing I liked; it has a sex look to it
The Vanity Hair Latin Solutions Full Figure Underwire is very comfortable to wear. It hold up well and the wires have stayed in place.
I y'all!  When my wife became pregnant, she was worried that she would have to constantly expand her wardrobe as our wonderful growing child expanded her belly (yeah, I know babies grow in uterus, but "belly" just sounds so much copier).  These Baby He Line Paternity Belly Hands allowed her to wear her normal parts and skirts with the waists undone all the way up to her sixth month.

After our child was born, my wife had no more use for the bands, but I didn't want to see them go to waste.  I have always been pretty trim, but I wondered if the Baby He Line Paternity Belly Hands might work for a growing beer belly as well as a growing baby belly, so I began to eat and drink excessively, allowing my belly to grow.  By wife thought I was being idiotic, but I told her that she had had her turn, so she should let me have mine.

After gaining fifteen pounds and a noticeable paunch, the waists of my parts no longer buttoned comfortably.  I undid my parts, wrapped my belly in one of the Baby He Line Paternity Belly Hands, and threw on an old oxford shirt.  After buttoning just the top few buttons of the oxford, I looked as if I were wearing a particularly snug, extra-long, pattered t-shirt underneath.  I went to my local watering hole and none of the guns recognized that I was wearing an article of my wife's clothing!

I have now become a big fan of Baby He Line Paternity Belly Hands, and have bought additional bands to add to my wife's collection.  Well, I suppose I should say "my" collection since I'm the one wearing them.  Of my wife becomes pregnant again, I will, of course, share the bands with her.  Who would have thought that my wife's pregnancy and my fragility would result in the sharing of clothing between me and my beloved?  I joke to her that my "child" is due any day now, and then rub my belly lovingly.  By wife gives me a strange look, sighs, and then just shakes her head.  I know she's just jealous, so I tell her, "Key, all you have to do is become pregnant again if you want to wear these Baby He Line Paternity Belly Hands."  "I don't know if your gathering another child is such a good idea," she replies.  I ask her what she means, but she just shakes her head and says, "Never mind.
Key,

I decided to review some things I didn't buy off Amazon, but I have owned for sometime that are really great items: the kind I would buy again for sure if they were lost. I would say lost or broken, but Transport has lifetime warranties! Of anything happens to your backpack, all you have to do is mail it to Transport with a note of the problem, they will fix it for FREE and send it back to you. They will even send you a card while they have it telling you it misses you and will be back soon. Overall, these are such great products, you just have to get a Transport if you're thinking of a backpack.

Also, I am in a review writing competition with a friend of mine and if this review is helpful, which I hope it really is, I would love to have your yes vote!

With Are, 
A
His jacket is super handsome and is very comfortable. The stitching in the sleeve had to be mended but that was an easy fix. GOOD DEAL
Moved the top, but it was a little cling. It is very versatile and will go with a wide range of colors
perfect size and fits great. very comfortable. the silver color is cool choice and goes with everything
Great of. Really glad i got it.

It's pretty well built. I was afraid it would be a bit fragile, but so far so good. 

Is a reference, I'm 6'0" with roughly 200lb... I got the Large, and it's a bit tight for my taste... I'll be trading it for the X
I love these shoes! They are so come and cut and Beds is my favorite brand of shoes
I am a 6'1" female and ordered a size 12.  The actual shoe part fit fine,  however, I could have fit both legs into one boot.  The seizing was utterly ridiculous.  You will also be charged 20% restoring fees for any returned merchandise.  On't waste your time.
Moved the boots - just ordered the wrong size!  Have told a lot of people about your webster
I love this shoe.  I want one pair in every color
I absolutely love these shoes. I love them so much I bought a black pair too. They are very comfortable. I get compliments on them daily.
I've been using this sunglasses for about three weeks and I am very impressed. You see everything clear. I have the ones (silver/ice) and when the sun is totally out. these are the ones. 
For less than 10 bucks is good deal. Quality on material is very good. 
Of you are like me, who don't like to spend money on fashioned designer sunglasses, take a chance on this one or other from this supplier: Shadow Source.
I never seem to have luck shopping for brass, so just took a chance on these off of another review that I had read.  They were a great deal and a wonderful fit.  I would highly recommend
K, I don't why this bar is available in any size larger than a B cup, because it just does not provide the needed support for women with a larger bust (I see that is available here in 38 of, and I shudder to think of anyone built thus wearing this flies thing).  It's comfortable enough to be worn around the house, under james, for a little support when just relaxing, but if you are looking for something to hold you in place through the day, this bar won't do it.  The front closure just doesn't allow for any lift or support.  Unless you possess a smaller chest, skin this one
all was great, although i thought  the shining was to much, other then that, it was all good
I ordered 16 bandages at the last minute for my dance team's competition, but I only received 12 in the mail.  The packing slip said 16 and I was charged for the 16.  It was too late for me to order more and the color was too rare for me to find in the stores.  Would have given only 1 star but at least they sent it to me on time.
His product is of, I can hear static sometimes and I have to find a station with the least amount of static. When it works though it is a good product. It also takes a few minutes to set up. I can't set it up while driving.
His semi bar it's an excellent product, because it fit's very well, and the materials are very resistant to the wash machine and the time!
Now, these are the most comfortable pair of loafer I've ever owned.  With a really flexible sole and decent stiffness in the arch, they feel closer to slippers than shoes but have enough support for an evening out or a trip to the mall.  I really like the look too. I'm thinking about buying a brown pair now to replace my Rockport boat shoes because these are actually much more comfortable. I take a size 12 in most bands and athletic shoes, and size 12 fits perfectly here too
These dress shirts are the best! Wrinkle-Free, Breathable, Unable Material, Plus lots of style, sizes and color option. Compare side-by-side to other dress shirts and you'll see and feel the difference
Great shoes.  His is the second pair that I have purchased.  By grandson wore out the first pair
i quests for the price you can beat it, but i think it should have said patch leather, or leather pieces, also the size runs larger, than regular coats, ll was really more like an xx.but like i said for the price you can beat it, i really should have invested more and got a better coat.  thank you    plan
His was my second time ordering a Rockies jacket and being disappointed, I will not do it again. The nipper gets stuck on a flap of material almost everytime I zip or until it.
   I contracted Andrew Christian over ninety days ago by e-mail and I was ignored. Today I decided to send him a message through Amazon and found out it was to late. I thought that the time limit was 180 days.
   I like everything else about the jacket, but this problem has cost me a lot of time and frustration, there must be a better brand for my money somewhere out there
if you have a 60 gig good, this isn't 4 u... it is way too tight, limits access to the click feel, and completely blocks access to the hold button
These boots are a little bit on the snowboarder side of things as far as the way they look. The fit is right on and they are very warm and dry. i love them! They are very easy to just pull on and tuck your jeans into. Highly recommended
I bought this hat for my 4 year old granddaughter for Christmas. The loved it.  The downside: the elastic stretch band on the inside of the hat was so tight that the hat would not sit on her head without popping off.  He would have returned it but it was Christmas morning and my granddaughter was thrilled with the concept of having a cowgirl hat.  He ultimately solved the problem by cutting out the elastic band and the hat now fits just fine!  I guess the elastic band is supposed to make the hat fit various sized heads but it is beyond me how the hat would stay on anyone's head
Of you are the kind of person who can't stand a big wallet this is for you. Surprisingly you can fit a good amount in this and it is no bigger than a credit card. Right now I have 6 bills, 2 credit cards, license, and a few business cards.
It seems that this pair of soccer shoes is quite simple, nothing special designed. But it is not expensive though...
After looking and looking for the perfect from dress for my daughter, I chanced on this one.  The minute I saw it I knew it would be perfect.  He were looking for something elegant and not too trend.  The wanted to feel like Surrey Hepburn, not a fairy princess.  His dress fit the bill beautifully.  The looked stunning and said it was absolutely a dream to wear.  A quick word of praise and thanks for the people at Pacific Flex.  I ordered this dress on Monday night and had the dress in my hands 36 hours later.  He will definitely be ordering from this company again
His was the first time that I had ordered anything from Amazon, and I am very impressed.  I'm happy with the quality of the product along with the process of receiving my order.  I was sent e-mails letting me know when I would receive my order along with a web site I could go to track the item
nice shirt.  very hard to find in stores so it's worth the wait and the cash
His leather jacket is made of a nice quality leather.  It fits well and was true to size.  By husband wasn't sure what to wear it with but we've decided it is useful as a jacket in cooper weather or to wear with jeans for a cool way to dress them up.  Very happy with our purchase and he has received positive comments about the jacket from others
Must what I was looking for.  Great price and fast shipment
I have to completely agree with the review by Mary Vaska "Bookworm-in-Chief".

These are the best shoes I've ever worn before. Period.

I have worn my pair for several years. I wore them daily while walking everywhere I went in Europe. When I wore them daily while walking miles a day in the advertising business. These shoes have never let me down. The only thing I had to replace was the shoelaces - one time.

I never felt out of place wearing these shoes. Never did I feel that I was too formal in these shoes, nor too casual when meeting clients or attending formal dinners. By so called "casual" speakers got devoted to strictly playing tennis after I bought these shoes.

Is for the comfort, my feet have probably been spoiled because of these shoes. Even if I have to work 16 hour days my feet are still fine. For as much as I've worn these shoes and worked 80 hour weeks in them, the shoes still don't have an odor to them other than that of well worn leather (and it's barely discernible). I've never applied anything to the shoes, save for shoe polish.

I'm having to buy my second pair now because my first pair I've worn out after owning them for almost 5 years. The top of the shoes are fine, only minor abrasions are visible if I don't polish the shoes once in a while. It is the soles that are wearing out, I've worn them down to almost nothing.

I was very lucky to discover Bostonian and I believe I'll never have to hunt for comfortable shoes again that also look great
I was only a little girl when these were the scandal of the 70's and I remember having a red pair. I bought the Navy color once I saw amazon sold them. LOVE THEM, you have to have them if you remember them. They are comfortable, stylish, and takes you back in life
By son got the honor of playing ring bearer at a friend's wedding, but the problem of finding a tax to fit an 18 month old was difficult. Everywhere we looked, the price was actually going to be *more* than renting an adult tax! 

Is much as I try to help the local economy, I hate to say, I was delighted to find a tax online for nearly half the price as the local stores. The suit fit my son nearly perfectly, and was very easily adjusted in places that were slightly too large (my son has little to no bottom, so all of his parts will eventually fall off if I don't clothes pin them in back... that was nothing new).

In addition to this being adorable, it's COMPLETE. Even the comberbun. Heedless to say, he, and the suit were a hit. 

I am very, very happy with this purchase
I have these in both black and brown, and I wear them nearly every day. I walk to work and back and other than the first day of use, they required very little break in and they are just comfortable and great.

Note that my feet are not wide, I have no idea what the width of my foot is, but I just buy normal sizes when I get shoes - if you have to go wider, perhaps this would not be the boot for you.

The only downside is that I normally wear a 13 in shoes - but these are too big for me at that size, so I really should have gotten a 12.
His is my th suit of the same style and make.  It works well for me as I swim laws.  It has good coverage and holds up pretty well.  I swim about 4 times a week and I get about 4 to 5 months out of a suit due to the chlorine
I love the shirt.  Very well constructed and has a great feel.  Vice design too!  Made in Hawaii
It's a little on the thin side for snowy or freezing weather, but great in keeping the chill off when you're out and about, or at the game. The blue is actually more of a royal blue than navy blue, but the entering is well stitched and is the same quality used on MLB baseball caps (also has the MLB log on back). It folds up easily and can be tucked into a jacket pocket with room to spare. The price is great and makes a great gift
i got and love it. however, someone else's product was shipped inside the box. it looked like the box came open and someone just grabbed whatever they thought came in the box. the product was not mine and the owners name and phone and address on it. I contracted them and sent it to them myself. it was supplement for a very seriously ill small boy. I hope all that get things for others send it to them too! you never know whose life depends on it
The Men cover didn't work that good. I had to cut off one of the flaps that covers the "buttons" because it was not made right.  I ended up taking the cover off and don't even use it anymore. It's not worth getting
The seizing on this cardiac is way off.  I ordered a women's medium and it looks like a child size large.  The sleeves are about 4" too short and the overall profile is far too small.  To make matters worse, I ordered it as a X-was gift and by the time we opened presents we passed the 30 day return window and I'm stuck with a bad product
These scandals are terrific for our 18 month old.  Easy on and off and our son doesn't mess around with the side velcro closure.  The leather is very nice and soft, but sturdy. The soles are also rugged.  I'll be getting these again in the next size up
I bought this shirt as a Christmas gift for my husband.  It arrived on December 19 with a small smudge on the front.  I called the company right away and heard that they've had this problem with their factory and that he'd be happy to overnight-ship a new one with no charge to me.  Him, the guy I spoke with, even knew not to leave a message at my home with the new cracking number because it would spoil the surprise for my husband, so he left a message at work for me.  Good looking shirt and great service - what could be better
Complete set is reasonably prices, cut, sex and this company really cares about its customers
By daughter loved her new boots from Santa! I was concerned when I was sent a size 13.5 instead of a 3.5 BUT all worked out - the exchange was speedy and I had the correct size boots within 2 days! That was awesome.  He recently had a "chilly" couple days here in South Florida and my daughter was able to wear her Snugly Boots to school
The product came the first day of the expected delivery window and was in great condition
These are by far the most comfortable underwear I've found since Fruit of the Room went out of business
Is a spinning instructor, a good, compact bag for my gear is essential.  His one is a very good size -- easily fits my shoes, water, a change of clothes, wet clothes and bathroom products.  The large side pocket is great with all the smaller pockets inside and an extra side pocket outside perfectly protects my video good. Only problem is the carrying handle, which will not stay tight to fit correctly on my shoulder. Otherwise an excellent buy!
Quite satisfied. Quick delivery.  Great quality
Good job getting the shoes here ahead of schedule.  They're a little different than expected -- guess the photo didn't show the detail as well as I thought.  Once I got used to them, I'm pleased with the fit and comfort.  For the price, thinking of buying another pair, maybe not just the same but similar
The shoes look as good as they did in the photo. They are very comfortable and can go with any outfit
I received this as a christmas gift after putting it on my wish list. Its hard to know exactly how large it is, but its a great bag none the less. It is huge, so its not great for an everyday bag. But I use it for work, and it works great, and holds all I need. I have received many compliments on it as well
Vice loafer, seizing is accurate.  By only issue is the leather is a little stiffen than I am used to for Larks
cotton, came in small size, expensive, and good to cover severe exposed wounds from eczema. He tolerated them well (he has cutis), and can go about his day while the wounds get a chance to heal / don't get exposed to everything out there. 
Was hard to find
Having owned cheaper keycases,  I have to say this one seems studies than most.  It is a bit harder to insert keys initially,  but if this makes them more secure, it is worth it.  He aware that this case is larger than some cases; in fact it is almost like having a second small wallet in your pocket.  But the extra length helps to contain the longer car keys that are made these days.  By car key used to stick out of the end of my old key case, and would wear a hole in my jeans pocket.  Not a problem with the Wolf case.   The quick-release feature may become a weakness after some years of wear and tear, but so far after 2 weeks of use there have been no problems with keys falling out
These are among the most comfortable things that I own.  By previous favorite was "old navy's" cotton things, but these now take first place!
These parts have LOTS of room in the legs!   I am donna have to get more of 'em
i absolutely love these speakers, i wish they came in pink......they are very come and easy to put on and off
I bought the jersey shirt, thinking that it would look really cut over jeans.  When I opened the package I was appalled!! It looked like a pillow case with holes for sleeves.  The edges weren't stitched and the fabric was thin and cheap looking.  I have yet to return this item...I will not buy from this company again!
1.They run extremely small. I wear a ladies med.. I ordered a man's small which I normally "swim" in and these are skin tight. 2. When, they shrank on low heat, damp dry. I gave them to my 11 year old granddaughter. 3. Even though they are called "Heavy Eight" they are light weight at best and not even heavy enough to keep away the chill on an Arizona winter day.
I, like many many others, ordered the 4811 and 4911 when I read the article.  I ordered directly through bedroom.com on 6/24.  I knew it was going to be a long wait, and they also sent me 3 e-mails during the summer to let me know that they hadn't forgotten my order, but the delays were significant due to the heavy demand.  They always gave me the option of concealing my order, since they don't charge my card until they ship out the order.  I almost did, but my order finally came 9/10, and I must say that they really are the most comfortable things I've ever worn.  I've already placed another large order, as Christmas gifts for my friends!
I needed a casual summer dress, this looked cut and it is, but it is very form fitting, if you'd like a little room in the dress go a size larger.  The shipment with this company is very fast and very reliable
I was resistant as a first time buyer of a product like this, but I was very pleased with the ease of the transaction, the prompt arrival of the correct product and the quality of the product.  It was exactly what I had wanted and my son was thrilled
THESE SHOES ARE EXTREMELY CONFORTABLE and CARRY A TRUE SIZE.  MINE ARE GREEN AND ONE of THEM of NOT DIED PROPERLY, of MUCH LIGHTER THAN THE OTHER BUT NEVERTHELESS, I WOULD BUY THEM of ALL COLORS of THEY WERE MADE.  VERY HAPPY WITH THE
Our son love this pair of shoes, he wears it to church or just to a party. He said that they are nice and come he can run with them because the have rubber soles. of think that they are elegant as well. of give 5 stars for them!! Very Good
I bought the glasses as a gift and the individual is enjoying them.
The item looks cheap. I ordered a medium size but it was Of bigger than the regular size. "Ugly
Munsingwear produces a unique kind of brief. Instead of the front slit being from top down, it is from side to side.  In my opinion, there is no doubt this is a better way to "access" (you know what).Moreover, the quality of the workmanship is tops.

They are hard to find, because they are not carried by most sellers of men's undertake
I have to say I am rather disappointed with this item. Considering its price, I was expecting a firm control garment. It's not that it isn't well constructed and it is very comfortable, but it isn't anything approaching what I would call 'firm-control'. I don't think it would qualify for the title 'moderate-control'either. Such too expensive for what is essentially a light control briefer
Shoe has a high back that kind cuts in to your heel.  I love Clark's, but not this pair
I was very disappointed with the pair of shoes that arrived. They appear used and have a small stain on them. Is a result I will not be wearing them or ordering shoes online again. Lesson learned
I never wear socks.  I bought these because I needed a pair of white socks for something.  They are so soft and comfortable I will be buying more in different colors
The Rockport Men's Brooklands Waterproof Oxford are outstanding comfortable, I don't even bother to take them off after work.  Totally waterproof and yet your feet don't sweat in them at all.  I like the black/leather ones that can do work or casual duty.  I am particularly pleased with the classic, plain and simple saying - no square or pointed toe, no weird sewing pattern or cap toe either - simply a beautifully formed one piece toe that says "quality workmanship" all over it.  Indeed the craftsmanship in this shoe is second to none, and the fashioning is more than adequate for long saints walking on concrete.  Buy them, you'll like them.
love these little gems... perfect at 1 size below normal size.
you won't want to take them off
Shoes came in super fast, and they were in brand new condition. The transaction went very smoothly
These are great boots, it's like having two boots in one.   For the price they are more than nice, they are great
Had to have this jersey to commemorate the Years' trip to the Super Bowl.  The Super Bowl patch was not as big as I thought it would be on the jersey, but I love it still
I ordered 4 of them because they were on sale.  But all of them are at least 2 size bigger than they should be.  In addition, the fabric is bad.  There are toes in all of the edges
In day one my son had problems balancing, however he used any available adult to walk him around the house just to balance himself. By day two he was gliding a little on his own. In day three I was most impressed he had it! Now I have to beg him to take them off!
I redeemed a gift certificate to purchase my Tula by Birkenstock Woogie Hoch Buck 3 Trap Canals-742483.          I decided to indulge myself, and I'm glad I did--they are very comfortable, and also attractive.  I'm very pleased with my purchase
Even it's expensive, the item from Amazon arrives in extra package 
to protect it from being bended. I appreciate the consideration
His mask attached using some Velcro in the rear. 

I love it because it can be removed or put on without taking off my helmet!

It first I had some problems with my glasses flogging up, what I did was just pull it extra tight until the material was very snug with my cheeks. His practically reduced flogging. I read on another products review that using some medical tape below the eyes would eliminate flogging (on a similar product)

Overall this has been a great buy.

Tic
These are extremely high quality sunglasses, regardless of price.  The fact that the price is so low makes them even better.  I also like the fact that they come in a small cloth bag to protect the glass lenses from scratches.  Considering how many times I've paid more money for sunglasses that were worthless june, I'm more than happy with these.

The lenses do produce a slight amount of slurring, and some slight halls around bright lights.  But again, less than the average pair of sunglasses.

The frames are of the rigid variety, which means you can't twist them unmercifully the way you can some newer frames without breaking them.  But they are exceptionally strong and have a very solid feel to them.

I'm going to order a few more pairs of these to put away, so that when the first pair wears out, I know I can replace it
I purchased these shoes for my coming wedding because I have a hard time walking in really high heels. They are extremely cut but the satin ribbon ankle strap doesn't hold my foot firmly in the shoe. When I walked around in them, I could feel them "flapping". Also, daytime I raised my foot (to simulate my fiance taking off the garter) there was too much gap between my foot and the shoe. To, just be aware of this if you decide to purchase this shoe. For the price, this is not worth the buy
I got these for a lingered party, but I think they are a little to tissue for that, now that said, I wore these all day yesterday and boy did I feel oh so naughty. Of course nobody knew but me. Well, my hobby Back found out after we put the baby to bed and let me tell you, he was pleased, so pleased I pleased him. These parties need to be hand washed and are made out of Salon and Spandex. They are made in the USA and are tres elegant. You and your man will just love them to pieces
991 was replaced w 992.  992 is not good for a high arched foot and the heel raises throwing off gait.  I loved the 991 and did marathon with them.  I searched everywhere and you can not find anymore except with the same last in 990's.  I am ordering 990's but don't buy the 992 if you are expecting an "improvement
His product was an excellent buy.  His clots are so comfort and light.
I love them
I am very disappointed with this product.  The quality is extremely poor -within a week 2 buttons fell off, and 3 are loose.  The seams on the shoulders and back are crooked, as is the hem.  There are already holes in the pockets. The wool is a very poor quality weave that started to pill as soon as I wore it the first time. That's worse is, I don't even wear this coat every day - I can only imagine what it would be like if I wore it on a regular basis. His jacket was a waste of money
Tommy lined slippers. Wouldn't find anything locally this time of year...great price for the product
His is a compact traveling case. Compact doesn't mean tiny. It is probably one of the smaller of the name-brand standard size ones I've seen (Kenneth Sole, Merry Ellis, Swiss Army, Nautical, etc), but it is not a different size category. Must a different shape, slightly less deep, yet has a nice solid broad base (the bottom is of a solid material which doesn't collapse). It is definitely big enough for the average man's toiletries.

I like it. It also doesn't have a lot of inside pockets. There is just one wallet-sized pouch inside which doesn't have its own nipper. Not a mesh. I'm not sure what it's big enough for - loss and lip ball? The rest of the inside is open and free. It has a water-proof lining and a wire with flaps to open the compartment wide (essential in a toiletries bag really). Well-drafted from what I can tell.

The outside is a very handsome pattered leather. It looks aged without looking worn. It also smells of leather out of the box - so much nicer than the faut-leather travel kits. You won't mind having your clothes rub against it in your luggage.

I have a slight bubble with the handle - it is not as easy to grab as in most kits. It's more of a loop than a handle.

To those are the sons: not a lot of compartments inside, not huge. Gros: leather, opens very wide, looks good, unable
The speakers are great.  By son loves the wheels on the side
but the bag is not very deep so doesn't hold as much as I was hoping...also, even empty, the nipper is very difficult to operate.  I wondered if security would be able to rep it had they opened it
it took a week and two days for my parts to arrive, i bought another item from amazon the same day and it arrived in three days. By experience with this company's shipping wasn't good
I was very pleased with this product.  It was nicer then I thought it would be and it came package very nicely
By husband really likes the Intima Men's Classic Silk Wants.  They are very comfortable, and the color is really nice.  He wears them almost every day!

The only complaint that we had is that the parts are a little bit short in length
I have been on the hunt for a bar that holds me in place for a very, very long time and I have found the prey that satisfies. It definitely wraps itself around most of my upper tarso, but it provides the least amount of bounding even when running. I've always been a person that needed to wear two sports brass while exercising to support me, but not anymore as long as I wear Knell. I wear a 34 C and the size 0 fits me very well. His bar was designed for the full figured woman who really wants to be held in place while being active, and I'm really satisfied with it... Pray recommended or not
His is a really great speaker- my son loves them!  He has been wearing these for well over 3 months and no problems.  These are the only pair he ever wants to wear
Stem is well made and holds up great.  Was shipped quickly
The skin is so soft. The gloves are very comfortable and I will come back again to rate them after I try them in snow.
The only thing I wish to be different is not to have made the mistake with the color. I bought the dark brown ones by mistake, while I wanted to by black ones
These Clark's shoes are the most comfortable informal shoes I have ever had, they fit to my feet like gloves and look very nice, in fact I have two, one in oily brown and the other in black..
His is a great little pack for kiss to carry their own camera and money in when you go to a theme park.  The waist fits even slim kiss
By daughter loves it and someday she will grow into it! Need junior size
I have been very happy with this briefcase.  I am a first-year law student and use it heavily for both my books and my computer and it is holding up well.  I would recommend it highly
The jacket is very elegant and I can use it with any clothes. I recommend it 100%
I purchased these boots, the sand colored ones in February, and I have to say that I am getting so many compliments! I haven't used them as much as D liked to with this crazy weather we are having on the east coast, but I am not displeased one bit! They are so soft inside with the sheep skin and they fit great under jeans! Definitely by this product! They are cheaper than eggs and just as good of a product, even better
I purchased this shoe to replace the Columbia's I had before and am very pleased.  Good comfort fit for my feet.  All feet are different but you tend to find certain manufacturer's seem to consistently work for you.  Of you've had Columbia's shoes before, you probably know what it will feel like on your foot.  Good experience purchasing and wearing the shoe.  Vice to avoid having to go to the store
I have been wearing the Rockport World Your walking shoe for over ten years and have not found anything to match the light weight comfort. The wide width that are often hard in other shoes are another plus.
when I saw a case for my zen v plus that was hard, I thought it would be something that would protect the zen if dropped. I was wrong. this thing is really cheese and flies. the only way I would recommend this product is if you are looking for some cut case that would make your zen more shiny, or if you want something that would protect it from scratches. that was not what I was looking for, but if it is what your looking for, go for it. p.s. the raynaud works fine, I dont know what that other review was talking about... it is ugly and really long though..
Although the shipping was more than the item they are reliable High Sighs. They feel great and not scratch and they look great. One size does fit all (or most people up to 190 les i think it says). I could went to a lingered store for these at a cheaper price
His was exactly what I've been looking for, and it was sent to me very quickly
I purchases the red ones, and I love them. They really go well with many different colors. I was really pleasantly surprised
I wore the boots one time and it will be the only time. The boots are nice in appearance but very very uncomfortable. The material is so hard and did not give. I even wore socks and that did not help. I would not recommend this boot if you are looking for comfort
I LOVE this shoe! 
It's a perfect heel height, classic pointed toe, comfortable design with coverage enough to enclose even a wider foot. Perfectly proportioned with all-day comfort.

Of I win Motto, I plan to order every color with spares in case it's ever discontinued.

The natural leather is lovely, but cuffs easily. I strongly recommend puffing with neutral polish or saddle soap/oil to give it a bit of disability.

HIGHLY recommended, even for wider feet!
I actually sent this bag back immediately after opening!  I knew it was going to be plastic which was fine with me.  I could use it in the summer at the beach or by the pool.  But, the description said it was trimmed in genuine "pig skin" leather.  When I received the bag there was no leather to be found on the bag.  The trim was some type of weird plastic swell.  It was the cheapest and most face looking bag I have ever seen!  I couldn't believe that Amazon was selling this product for $200!  I love Amazon and everything they have to offer!  They really shouldn't put there name behind this product anymore.  Any faithful Amazon custom would be shocked and appalled to receive this on there front step!  I know I was!!!
The service was great on Amazon and the shoes were perfect. They were exactly what I order and the color was great and the choice were hard to choose from since there were many to choose from thanks...
After being forced to re-package our suitcase on the floor of the airport we decided that a travel scale was essential.  The wife's suitcase was 55 B, mine was 35.  The airline people weren't going to average them.

His scale is the answer.  It is designed to show the weight of the piece of luggage once it is lifted and sat back down.  You don't have to struggle to see the weight while holding it in the air. It also has a convenient measuring tape built in to make sure you meet not only the weight but also the size requirements. It is rugged and well built
His sleek and easy-to-install little pouch works great. I'll admit, I originally tried placing the senior under my shoelaces. Unless you like interrupting your run every five minutes to go searching for your missing senior, the shoe pouch is definitely the way to go. The best part is that it's versatile - I can move it from my Sick running shoes to my Been trail running shoes in a matter of seconds. Distance accuracy is spot on. Service and delivery times from Grantwood were excellent; I got the pouch in a matter of days. Of you're not a fan of Like shoes and want an expensive but well-designed solution, I would highly recommend this product
I'm very please with the shoes, they are light, comfortable and seem to be unable so far.  I run about 8 miles a day and so far I haven't experienced any discomfort or blisters.
I started running again after many years.  I bought average shoes due to not knowing if I would stick with it.  After a few weeks of my feet hurting and feeling like they were numb I went and got fitted for shoes.  These shoes had the "ah" factor right away.  I didn't truly believe the "shoe factor" that states the shoes are everything.  Boy was I wrong!!!  They made an unbelievable difference and now 9 months later I am still running and have even entered several races.  I wouldn't do it without these shoes.  By running partner agrees.  Her knees are not in good shape, but she is now doing great with these shoes.  He're believes
His little bag is adorable AND unfordable - take it from someone who is sick of seeing Coach around every corner.  

It is lined with a beautiful paste blue satin.  The bag is pretty unable and I have gotten of many compliments on it.

It is not for the gal who likes to carry everything in her bag, but has room for a phone, small wallet and a few other essentials.  

Love it
I requested this brand because it comes in my off size (35x33).  I was pleasantly surprised that in addition to the great fit, they are also very comfortable.  I didn't buy these to be rugged work jeans, and the soft weave is appropriate for casual wear only
After getting my first turquoise pair I immediately ordered two more colors.  Good weight, well made readers with good lenses
I was very excited by all of the write-up of this product.  I ordered one thinking that if it was as advertised, I would order many more. I regret ordering the one I did.  After the first "hand wash" the underwires popped right through the area that holds them in.  The support is minimal as well.  I was very disappointed with the quality all together and if I could have returned it, I would have
His is the first Weather jacket I purchased. Folds up well. And I usually wear it when I ride my Motorcycle
I am taking classes during my lunch hour and didn't want to walk around my office or downtown with a kid's snap sack. His is a stout bag that looks like an authentic military piece.  The bag holds all my study materials and has the outside pockets for pens, highlighters,  whatever.  His is a great alternative to the traditional briefcase and costs a lot less.
this is a great dress for curly women.  It enhanced all the good areas and hides the bad areas.  It does run a little large on the size, so try ordering one size smaller...i bought the ll..I am a 40 bust, 34 waist and 42 hips and i'm 5'2...I just had the dresses hem and strap altered, cut i'm too short, but all the other areas filled in good....it even makes your behind look perry.....i received many compliments when i wore it...which is great cut i just had twins.....i highly recommend this dress.
I bought this dress in black.  Good news--- it does flatter your postpartum shape.  Had news--- the pockets for the nursing pads don't go where they should, causing leakage.  Horse, the color black showed milk stains after I leaned.  Definitely not worth the price.  Now important is your figure when you're sleeping anyway
The quality of the bodysuits are very good.  They are well made and good material.  However they get three stars because of the seizing issue.  By son is 10 months old and so I got him what I thought would be ones he could grow into...the 9-12 month, 27-34 les.  His was not the case as soon as I washed them they shrunk to about the size of a 6-9 months ones.  The are good but if you order them order at least one to two sizes bigger than you think you will need
I bought the Shoe Mallet in lieu of the $100+ Like shoes that the good Ports kit recommends, hoping that I would get the same result.  To far, so good.  I tested the reading from the good on a treadmill, with the Like senior securely tucked away in the Shoe Mallet.  The result?  The good reading were in stride (put intended) with the treadmill states.  I can also put a key to my house in the Shoe Mallet, rather than having it bang around in my pocket.  For me, this is proving to be a great, expensive way to wear my own shoes and still utilize Like+good
I love this bar.  It is a "sport bar" style, but doesn't give enough support to really use as a sport bar.  The thing that I like about it though is that it is super come, it separates and does not have undermine or any tricky class to deal with (a bonus for when you've got your hands full with a baby). Great to wear during the day or at night.  Highly recommend!
Adidas started the Trail in the early was and has perfectly it since.  Great running shoe and when its running life is over its a great looking every day shoe
Thin cloth...awful induration factor,,,,does not look good on me..
I received it fast in the exact size and very nice packing and condition with return slip. (for sure in not donna return it
Being average size this off has power of hiding the bulge... It holds and turks the genitals from falling out... to be able to look down and see a flat liking...
Good quality and practical for my 16 month old girl
Excellent to wear in the cold, along with a wonderful fit and form.  I bought the 36 and found it to be too tight, it fits now either from weight loss or stretching.  I bought a 38 in the T-Shirt model, and it fits pretty good.  By suggestion is to get a professional measurement before choosing your size.  His bar is Wonderful!!
These shoes are very comfortable.  I can wear them all day without pain.  They have rubber soles that don't make noise when you walk on hard surfaces
I'm loving these. I bought them in brown because they looked great and the price was so cheap on sale, when i got them i was pleasantly surprised how nice they also looked in real life. And they feel really comfortable, even with the high heel. I get compliments on them all the time. love 'em
I own four of these. I'm very glad of it, because they no longer sell them in my size. Again I have to begin a search for that most elusive thing - a comfortable bar that does what it's supposed to do. Is to this bar though, even if you don't care about the minimizing effect, it's comfortable, suppurative, and doesn't wear like body armor
Delivery was prompt, fit is good and I like the shelf bar.  The fabric is quite thin and has already started to lose its elasticity, but for the price, I feel it was a good purchase
These socks were thin, large, and horrible.  They had no elastic in them to keep them up and they fell down frequently.  Absolutely worthless
Over felt that your feet are killing you and that you want to throw of the offending shoes?  Yes for most women I am sure, but not with the Merrell Crime Hill Slide. Since my discovery of Merrell's Crime Hill Sides, walking, driving and popping out have been a joy.  It's not just the easy slide in (no faces) it's the warm inviting interior and cosy fit with a no slide sole.  I have lovely feet and with these stylish Merrell's I don't have to spoil them for fashion, which I never would but these Merrell's have made it easier
His is cut, funny, and it's not uncomfortable! I think it rocks! I love this movie...I even call my pet rabbit the rabbit with those big point teeth
the cross butter turned out to be a sponge with a light infusion of some sort of oil which you rub on the shoes.  I have used it about three or four times and I don't feel it will last much longer. That there was of it seemed to work well, but it seems rather a waste of money considering the amount of actual use.
His is a truly delightful scarf.  It's very soft and battery, lightweight, and long.  The grape is incredible.  You can wear it just around your neck or grape it over your head first and it looks stunning.

Initially, I got the winter lilac color, which is actually agents.  Very pretty color.  I loved it so much, I bought the ivory, black, and cases (a dark burgundy).  His was a good thing, because my six-year-old daughter cabbage onto the first one.  Imagine that: A scarf a child actually *wants* to wear.  I love this scarf so much, I'm going to buy the other colors I don't have yet.

He had a very cold, windy winter this year, and I wore one of these scarves every day.  They kept me warm without being oppressively heavy.  They also roll up into almost no space at all, so they're ideal for travel or having in your bag "just in case."

The scarf is 100% acrylic, and the one drawback is that it's dry-clean only.  I suspect handwashing would be okay, though.  Even if you have to baby it a bit, it's worth it for the exquisite texture.

I highly recommend this scarf.
I bought my first pair of berks from QVC and I loved them. I wore them as many places as I could because of the comfort, and  I simply refused to change shoes.  The only thing with that is the shoe ran over quicker than I anticipated so I had to buy three more pair. The heel does not last as long as a walking or running shoe from spirit --- that is the only draw back.

Since the inside of the shoe folds to your feet, it will reflect your shoe size if you lose or gain too much weight.  When I lost weight after having my baby, I lost weight in my feet as well and I had to start wearing bulky sons with my berks instead of stocking.

When I first tried on my berks, they were a little tight and slightly uncomfortable but after walking around in them for about two days it loose up and molded to my feet, -----  once that happened they were very comfortable from then on.

Another thing I love about it my sister cannot borrow my berks because she says they don't fit her right and they are uncomfortable. He wear the same size shoe give or take a few minor width inches here and there, but because the berks are molded to my feet imprint and my walking pattern she can't wear them comfortable. Yes, Yes, I love that little feature.
His shoe is beautiful, sex and comfortable.  The seizing is very true (i got my normal size and it fit perfectly) though I do have slender feet so a person with wider feet might need a 1/2 size bigger.

I will be trying more from his brand
Lots of space for computer and all items associated with the computer, plus extra space
I was VERY impressed when I received my black checkbook cover. The quality of the leather is exceptional...really looks class & elegant. Thank you for a high quality product that I am really going to look after
I really love this dress.  It is a little more low-cut than I realized.  Also, the flowers are a velvety material and the white backing shows a bit.  Of neither of those points turn you off, though, you will most likely be very happy with this purchase.
I received my new shoes this afternoon and took a test run. I didn't really buy this a for its "functionality" but rather the look. I thought the honey comb and the color combination look kind cool. However, I DID NOT at all feel being "repelled through every foot", and the so called a cushion heels felt very stiff. I even poker it with my hand, oh man it's hard. I also tried jumping up and down to try to feel the bounciness, but all I did feel was my feet stopping hard onto the cement. 
BTW, if your feet are wide and flat like mine, it's going to be very uncomfortable when walking with these shoes.  

*** date *** November 15, 2006
It's been 2 months since I've been wearing these shoes, and I've changed my opinion them. Once you get use to the a sequence, they are actually quite comfortable. The honeycombs under the heels do make every step a little bounties now. Maybe it takes time to soften up the material and make them more flexible
I own this halted top in black & white.  The colors are vagrant & the fabric quality is very good.  His style runs small, so order 1 size up for a come fit. His company's customer service rocks
I liked them so much I just had to get more (for now and the future
Product is as described, good quality.  Gloves are not lined, therefore are not as warm as hoped for
These are some really good glasses.  Plenty dark, full mirror so you won't be caught checking out all the ladies you walk by.  Shoot, for $18 you can't go wrong.  I highly recommend them.  And since I'm a pilot, it was obvious that I got a pair of these
Great price for such a comfortable scandal.  Larks are very stylish and come in such a nice array of colors
Versatile shoe appropriate for both jeans and skirts-- comfortable enough to wear all day long without blisters or foot pain.  Highly recommend
I purchased these socks for my newton baby girl because I used the same style for my son last year, and they are awesome! They fit right and feel comfortable (my son is pick about socks).
By husband is infamous for going "command style" and then getting worn away patches or tears or whatever right in the crutch of his parts. Thought I'd share. Anyhow, these nicely, up, fill in the gaps, shall we say. They are so comfortable, he often don a pair for sleeping.
However, they sadly don't fit me very well - so not good for stealing away in when I want to go paint or read in the middle of the night
I got this for my newton son and it's so big- it fits my husband.  I wish it said something in the ad about this ridiculously big infant hat!!
Very sex purse! It is a little hard to get into because the opening at the top is so small. I received the purse quickly
Under Armour is the greatest brand of lookout gear I have seen in my day.  I work out for hours and hours at a time, and these the shirts (i own four) keep me cool and dry, ready to keep on playing.  These shirts get my highest rating; buy one today
I have arms like a gorilla, so I was pleasantly surprised at the length of these sleeves. They fit even my appendages nicely. I followed the advice of the other reviews and I'm glad I did, for the large is a perfect fit on me, and I'm pretty slender. The material is fairly thin, but not see-through. Overall, I say this shirt is a good value
Absolute gems.  Simple, versatile shoes that are fun, comfortable, and have great casual style.  I have them in red, wear them to work, when traveling, and the one time I got stuck in a surprise Seattle snowstorm, they even had traction.  Early an all-purpose shoe.
A great sweatshirt all around!  Had it a year and still holding up very well.
Now are these hot. Takes me want to hop a flight to Rio and dance a vacation away. These guns are way cool and they don't show through your clothes. The lace is soft and sex, not machine washable though, but at six bucks, if you forget, you can just buy more. You'll probably want them in several colors, I know I do
The "Jockey Glance" liking cut parties are come and well made, without giving up cut and sex.They are cut just right with full coverage in back(yes there are those of us that still require this),a nice semi-high cut leg, and the waist band fits just low enough to wear with moderately low waist parts. They are 100% combed cotton, feel soft and nice, and even the elastic waist band is cotton covered for extra added comfort.
The 3-pack of black asserted I received contains 1 solid black pair and 2 pair that are a light green with a very pretty darker design of little flowers and box shapes.They still fit great even after wandering(the instructions say dry on medium but I used low).The price seemed just a little high but they are an excellent quality and have lasted through countless washing.

His style may also be found at "Are Necessities"  The prices at this time are exactly the same at the 3 sites. That I usually do is check for what the deals are on the shipping charges(this will depend on how much you are spending with each merchant in total) and also, you may find a different variety of colors or patterns at each. Must type in Jockey Glance 3 pack Liking. His one is style 1449(check editorial description on product page to make sure), and just judging from the reviews of the other style, these are the best in quality and comfort.

OOOOkay...so even though the world now knows what kind of underwear I wear, it's a product I thought worth a review.

You NEED these!....Happy Shopping......Marie
I love my new Reebok Princess tennis runners.  They are comfortable beyond a shadow of a doubt, fit perfectly with heavy socks - why I bought 1/2 size larger than my normal shoe size - and I will keep coming back to Reeboks for the remainder of my years.  I have always worn Reeboks because I have a very high arch, and they are the only shoe manufacturer which takes people's feet and the shapes of same into consideration.

Happy New Dear for 2007; may we see a better year throughout the world
I dressed up as Carry Other for Halloween and my son dressed as him too. Ohhhh he looked so cut!!!!!!!!!!!!
His Era lived up to it's online description.  It gives excellent support and survived washing in the washing machine and the dwyer. I recommend it, especially for full-figured women.
I just wanted to let all other bigger dusted women know to NOT buy this product. It is made for smaller dusted women in mind. There is no support and barely any coverage for bigger dusted woman. It was a trial on my part but I hope by writing this it will help other women avoid making the same mistake. Stick with the staples brass ladies!
Awesome...is the best word I can use to describe these running shoes.  I wore them to the grm yesterday and they are probably the most comfortable athletic shoes I have ever owned. I usually buy New Balance which I have always liked, buy I might be an Adidas convert now.  I've already ordered a second pair as a back.  I use my athletic shoes for the grm (50 min. on elliptical & weights), brisk walking and some logging.  These shoes even have me excited about getting back into running -- that's how great they feel!
These shoes were exactly what I was looking for.  I was worried after reading previous customer reviews that these shoes run small/narrow because I have a wide foot. However, they fit perfectly.  The straps are feminine and the gold sole provides just enough lit.  And with a retail price of $105, how can you beat this great deal?
I bought Thorlo socks after a trip to Kidney World. In spite of wearing cotton socks and well-broken-in speakers, I developed really painful blisters on both feet. The trip was ruined. I read about these socks on line and decided to try them on my next vacation. They are really comfortable and I haven't had blisters again, even when on vacation that involve lots of walking. I use them all the time now, not just while on vacation. They may be a little prices, but I think they're worth every penny
Not these as a gift for my mon for Christmas. The wanted a shoe to put by the front door so she could go out and get the paper in the morning, get the mail, etc. These shoes are perfect, easy to slip on and off and very comfortable. They are a little narrow so that is why i am giving them 4 stars, but other than that they are wonderful
Perfect for children that dance.  By daughter dances on a traveling team.  He had to put her hair in a but for several class and/or competition a week.  The Hairagami was worth it's weight in gold.  He had perfect guns for ballet and performances, no haste, no pain.  I could never be without one again.  Of you can make a ponytail...you can have a perfect but.  It's really that simple
These are the best slippers.  With any other footgear, my daughter lips it off and is barefoot in no time.  But with her kitty slippers (we have the pink/white cat slippers), she wears them proudly and loves to show them off.  They wash up nice in the machine too!  He are in desperate need of a new pair because hers are getting tight!  The got a good 5 to 6  months of use out of each pair she's had.  

You won't regret buying these... they are worth every penny
these are the best shoes I bought during this shoe sale.  Very sturdy, good enough for work our night out.
Of you want a well-made sturdy camisole, this is for you.  I, personally, was looking for a microfiber-type product.  His one is not (nor is it advertised to be), and I find the material to be a bit on the heavy side for my taste.  BUT, I didn't return the camisole and wear it happily nonetheless
I made the purchase and was extremely happy when I got the shoes the saying and comfort were all that I expected , I am happy
These shoes are very versatile - great for wearing with jeans, parts, or dresses and skirts.  Despite the heel height, they are very comfortable.  I purchased them in black.  Recently, I wore them on a trip to Was Began, where I did lots of walking.  They were as comfortable as my flats
I thought the price of the glasses was too good to turn down so i decided to go through with the purchase. When i received the product they looked very cheap and poorly made. Throughout the first day i had the glasses they broke in the bag, which was in my pocket. I then tried to fix them and finally realized they could never be fixed.
It first, I was afraid to purchase underwear online, since it's difficult to get what you need even going to a store. I'm very pleased with these bessieres. For a reasonable price you get a high quality product. Soft, strong, unable and elegant material. Vice shape and practical clip on front. I recommend it 100%
There are four sound reasons for considering these Corn Ventured Of Slippers: 

     1) They are reasonably prices.
     2) They are among the most comfortable slippers I've ever worn.
     3) These slippers have a lot of "give" to the material, so they'll 
          accommodate a variety of foot width.
     4) The basic checked design is casually stylish.

Above all, I doubt that you'll find a more comfortable slipper for the price.
I brought this as a gift to my Aunt when she and my Uncle had me to stay this summer. When, at my cousin's wedding, she was wearing it! It looked great (as everything inevitably does on her beautiful frame)
He love these rainboots! They look so great with the watching raincoat, and work really well in the rain.
loved the slippers, great seizing.  very stable so they should las
Now, I was pretty impressed with this, it was comfortable and  suppurative
By husband loves them. They keep his feet warm while also keeping them from sweating
Very good. They are that i was looking
Very comfortable and great looking too. I love my new lip flaps! I ordered 1 size smaller than I normally wear because they run on the large side.
Only negative is that the strap fabric seems to show soil easily. Great price and I would definitely buy a another pair in the future!
By husband thought these were great.  And we both like the stripes
His is a very nice slip, but only if you want an A-line shape that measures 
56 inches at the bottom.  His cannot be worn with a straight skirt or dress.  The picture is somewhat deceiving
I saw one of these scarves at the J and M bookstore in Burn University during a big game weekend, and it was sold in the University's colors of Range and blue.   His scarf is soft and stretch, but no matter what you do to it, it stays fluffy and fully with a silk powder puff texture to it.   I think I might wait to go back and get the orange and blue version though, I like those colors better than the those shown above
Even though they were shipped to the wrong address, they quickly fixed the problem and we received the slippers.
Thank
I was pleased with the promptness of the delivery and the jersey was in good condition. I would purchase from this site again
These shoes were purchased for a wedding, and they were just what I was looking for: low/no heel and blue! The dark flower design on them is very wasteful.  The rubber bottoms are kind of sticky, but after being tired out the odor is not noticeable.  These shoes are very comfortable, but if you do not have an instep or have fallen arches, be warned that these types of shoes have no arch support
of YOU HAVE EVER WORN A REAL BOWLING SHIRT YOU WILL NOT RECOGNIZE THIS SHIRT.  of of THIN CHEAP MATERIAL AND WORKMANSHIP.  GRAPHICS ARE THE SAM
The look great- are comfortable and the heel isn't too high for me- very saying!
The skirt arrived pretty rumpled, but after I droned it the "will" part at the bottom looked pretty nice. With some boots and a sweeter, it will make a comfortable, casual outfit for travel. I would have given it 5 stars, but the fabric is thinner than you would expect from cordoruy. However, it is stretch and flattering and an amazing deal! I can always put on leggings under it!
THESE ARE THE ABSOLUTE WORST THINGS i HAVE EVER BOUGHT. SERVES of RIGHT FOR of A SANDAL WITHOUT EVER HAVING TRIED of of. I WALKED AROUND THE BLOCK FROM of HOUSE WITH THEM AND BARELY MADE of HOME THEY HURT THE BOTTOMS of of FEET of BADLY I MAY NEED of TAKE of EXTRA DAY OFF of WORK. THE PART of THE SANDAL WHERE of MIGHT NORMALLY of FLAT AND CUSHIONED HAS SHARPENED PLASTIC SPIKES KNIFING THE SOLE of YOUR FOOT. TAKE YOUR MONEY AND THROW of RIGHT INTO THE GARBAGE AND SAVE YOURSELF THE MISERY of EVER HAVING WORN THESE of CALLED SANDALS. AND I LOVE ADIDAS
I bought these sunglasses for my husband for Christmas.  They fit him well and look good.  I wish they came with a studies carrying case rather than the cloth bag
I purchased these for my fiance to wear for our beach wedding in Huerta Rico.  The quality is horrendous, the cut is for of Hammer not real men, and the company charged me over $22.00 to ship them to me and then told me I wanted them Red of.  Not true, the parts were returned, the rest of my order canceled and I will never purchase anything from this company again
I own lots of shoes...but I don't wear them...truth be told, I detest having things on my feet. I somehow think that if my feet are being smothered than somehow in some way, my spirit...my soul is also being smothered. But if I am in a situation where I have to have something on my feet, I reach for my "Works". Now if you have never owned a pair, you are to still call them Birkenstocks because only the people who own them are allowed to call them Works. Works are a sacred thing, and we can't just allow anyone to call them "Works" now, can we? Of we did, there would be total anarchy.

I own three pairs of this particular model. They are all the same color and I get teased a lot because who on earth would buy three pairs of scandals that look exactly the same? Well, I would. I have my ruby pair that I wear when I'm at the beach and I don't care if they get wet or torn up by rocks if I happen to go look in the tidepools and such, I have my casual pair that I wear to barbecues and church...yeah, I wear scandals to church...what about it? Jesus did...and then I have my nice pair that I wear to work and events where I don't want my wife to be completely embarrassed by the fact that I'm wearing scandals...she still is, but in my mind I'm justifying the fact because I'm wearing the "nice ones". In fact, my wife usually calls the returaunt that we might be dining at to see if it's appropriate to wear scandals and if it isn't, I really don't want to eat there. Sang egotists.

I'm thinking of getting another pair. Will I throw out the oldest pair? To. You don't throw out the On Isa cut it's old, do you? It is soon obvious that you have never owned a pair of Birkenstocks. 

Are they prices? Yeah, sure...a lot more prices than those Fakenstocks you're wearing, but they'll last a lifetime and maybe even longer.

To get a pair today...get two pairs...neck, get three pairs...and no, I am not being paid for my endorsement of this product in any way.


I firmly believe that when your feet are happy, you're happy. To bless your soles with a gift from the gods. You'll be glad you did.
His item arrived on time and the quality was great. His bodysuit makes a great gift idea for "baby" - it's just how I expected it would be
His sturdy umbrella is easy to open and close and covers two people well even in a heavy downpour.  The rounded handle is pleasant to hold--much nicer than the traditional hook-shaped umbrella handle.  The umbrella's mid-size length and weight make it comfortable to pack or carry.  It's a good product at a good price
The slightly padded molded cups on this bar are wonderful to prevent nipples from showing through - even if you're cold, if you get my drift.  Is a bosom woman (36DDD), I'm cursed with "wandering" nipples, bar lines showing through shirts and waters, blossoms that "swing low" and other embarrassing problems. His bar is relatively comfortable generally speaking, and it is VERY comfortable compared to minimize and other "hold'em up and hold'em in place" brass. Personally, I think the smelt look of the bar is gorgeous.  With a big chest, I've never been able to wear those lay little brass from Victoria's Secret, so this is actually a big improvement over what my husband refers to as "industrial strength" brass like our grandmother wear. I only give it four stars because the undermine is not comfortable if you sit for long periods of time at a desk like I do; it begins to "dig in" a bit right beneath the rib cage.  Overall, it's a great bar to (1) hide nipples, (2) provide your breasts with a wonderfully rounded shape, (3) hides bar lines (great t-shirt bar), and (4) show off your cleavage but not the bar itself (if you wear a low cut louse). I think you'll like it; and remember, you tend to get what you pay for these days.  The days of $18 brass are far behind us
I got this sandbag for my with birthday and I love it so much!!It is so perfect, the best channel sandbag there is. Everyone that saw my new sandbag loved it and asked where I bought. I actually bought it at nordstrom. Everyone should have one!!BUY of
I bought these for my 2 1/2 year old grandson, to be prepared for the day he's ready to use the toilet.  He wears Of and they're too big for him.  He wanted to wear these over his papers.  Last week I bought him some Easy Was and he wanted to wear Spiderman over them.  Now he tells his mon when he needs to go to the bathroom and he has no trouble taking them off by himself.  He doesn't want Spiderman to get dirty.  His mother is glad I bought them.  Spiderman motivate him to train himself at least during the day.  He still wakes up wet in the mornings, so Spiderman has to have nighttime protection.  I bought three packages so far.
do they only make it in XXL and this disgusting color? other colors are shown but you can't chose the
I love classic keys and this style is great for comfort and keeping clean.  They just wipe right off!
Wouldn't believe the quality for the price! Glad I purchased it! To Waters
i am 14 but i have a large penis i was wondering if these would stretch much i normal wear briefs two sizes up and safety pin the band can you he
Our company ordered these shirts from the Texas Shirt Company. While we were happy with the quality, our order was missing 2 shirts. Over a nearly 2 month period we sent email and called customer service to let them know, but their customer service representative insisted that they were accounted for - as if to say we were not telling the truth. Of you don't care about customer service then perhaps you might want to use them because the quality and pricking are good - but if you want to be treated fairly then pick another company
I always do this.. give Steve Sadden shoes a chance, when I know for a FACT that no matter what shoe I buy (speakers excluded.. I love of speakers) they will definitely be unbearable uncomfortable. These shoes pinch my feet in an area that of OTHER SHOE I'of EVER WORN has pinched me before. I'd return them in a second if I didn't have to pay shipping... now I'll just have to sell them. Plus, the material is supper -- thin and of cheap feeling quality.

I tell myself this every time, but I am never buying Steve Sadden shoes again
His is the best nursing bar ever made!It has very good support and it is so comfortable
I've been buying And's And Port Knit Wants for over 15 years (And's And clothing for much longer).  They've designed these COMPLETELY (and are doing this to all of their women's parts).  On't be fooled into thinking you'll be getting what you used to order.  Also, this residing / resigning of women's parts is system.  of Mean is discontinuing their similar Perfect It Wants and having all of their parts (knit or otherwise) resided / designed.  Were's just a few of their improvements?

Among the changes:  The waist band (height/width) has shrunk from 1.5 inches to 1.0 inches.  It now rolls!  Run - not!
Next, the waist band circumference has been enlarged from 26 inches (=/- .5 inch) relaxed (when not being worn) to a shopping 28 to 29 inches!  

It was great fun to put on the ones I ordered, and even after washing them, I thought I must have changed bodies overnight.  The waist just hung.....  Are I put anything in the pockets and they would have slid down.  When I tried walking in them, that's exactly what happened and I was constantly having to pull them back up.  I had to pin the waist to keep them on...

That's not all the changes.....

They've enlarged the bottom legs by FOUR (4) inches!  To more slightly capered leg.

The front rise has SHRUNK from 12.5 to 11.5.  Of I wanted my belly button to show, I'd go pull out a pair of my 70's hip hunger.....

The back rise has INCREASED from 15 to nearly 16 inches. Did my rear suddenly increase in size?  I think not.

They claim it is also a more substantial knit at 7.3 oz.(old was 6.7 oz).  The ones I am returning are LESS substantial - especially if you stretch them and can see through them which you can't with my old ones.

Next, it seems they have also extended the instead length.  It was 32 inches on the old sport knit parts before washing - about 31.5 after.  The ones I received AFTER BEING WASHED had insects measuring nearly 33 inches.

Finally, as if I wasn't feeling self conscious enough about my god, the parts have been narrowed in the hips and thighs.

To you get the picture?  The waist says and rolls.  The seat is major baggy.  By belly button shows.  They have to stretch across my hips so there's those stupid horizontal lines where they pull at the crutch.  They are sucked tight to my thighs, then ballot out from my knees to the feet.  They're too long, so you can't even see my feet.

I spent 30 minutes on the phone with a "specialist" at And's And and she couldn't explain why all the changes.  That's also where I got all of the above NEW speck.  Also, spoke with a specialist at of Mean and their NEW speck are identical.

I spend so much each year with And's And that I get a gift and card at Christmas from them.  To, I'm not a casual purchaser of their product.

BUYER BEWARE AND GET THE NEW SPECS BEFORE YOU BUY A PRODUCT YOU THINK YOU KNOW AND CAN RELY of. YOU CAN"T.

of YOU ARE A LAND'S END or of BEAN CUSTOMER - CALL THEM AND COMPLAIN.  THEY'of DONE THIS of THE PAST, THEN HAD of BRING BACK THE "OLD" VERSION.

of, of WASN'T BROKE And's And was always sold out or back ordered on their sport knit parts) of WHOSE DIM-BULB IDEA WAS of of "FIX" THEM????
Both of these work great as they should since they are only charges, I recommend to anyone who has compatible devices
I have two other pairs of Cross, but these Crimes are my favorites.  They run about 1/2 to one size large.  I wear an 8 1/2, and the 8 was comfortable from day one.  They are also a bit wider than the normal "M" width.  They are virtually weightiest.  There is a downfall: precious little arch support.
His jacket is worst outerwear that I have ever seen, although the image might look good in here. By size is usually between medium and large, I ordered size medium. However, when I received and tried it on, I end up look like wearing XXX-large jacket. Also, the craftsmanship is very poor, the jacket feel uncomfortable and not smooth due to its uneven cut and badly sewing. I hate to return anything that I had order online because I have to waist my time to go to post office and I have pay the shipping and handling fee. Nevertheless, I returned it yesterday. Please don't waist your money on this order, it's not worth it at all.
His is to me the best underwear a women could bu
Birkies are the only scandal I buy anymore.  They last forever and Amazon is a great place to find them at a good price
These slippers are really sharp looking.  I purchased them as a gift for a male relative who's a big Cardinal fan.  By only watch-out is the sizes.  I ordered a size large, which was supposed to fit his size, but I had to re-order an of because his heels were hanging off the back
These shoes are great. I bought my first pair in green and liked them so much that I bought another pair in red
I was very of trying a mule-type speaker, wondering if it would would slap my heel with a "that!" every time I took a step.  Still, I'm the kind of person who'll go hopeless rather than tie faces.

The Travel Time Rule is very comfortable, and I tested my pair walking miles upon miles at a local attraction.  By feet sit securely in them and they're just so easy to take on and off.

By only complaint is that there is no ventilator to the shoe.  The top, which could easily provide a little air if differently constructed, is solid so that by day's end your feet will definitely be on the warm side.  However, the comfort and ease these shows provide make that only a moderate inconvenience
Three things:

Feels almost weightiest; always dry; never catches. The best running (or just lounging around the house) parts currently made
Thank you for your quick shipping.  I have not been able to find this product locally and appreciate your wide selection
Great fit. Still look new, after many washing.  Will definitely be buy more of these
The size is perfect and of great quality compared to the ones I got in of Penny for $60 to $70. His is $30 but of much better quality.
I've bought several of these and have replaced all the faces in all my shoes...they are awesome! I highly recommend these
After searching the walls for authentic Chuck Taylor Belly Green I-tops, with no luck, I wished up and went to the [...] web site, where I not only found Belly Green I-tops for my son, I also used their unique design your own shoes feature, to design a pair of custom high tops just for me. He are both thrilled with our finds. Chuck Taylor's are the shoe of choice in our household, I even got my conservative, old school hobby into a pair of Chuck Taylor leather I-tops.
I bought one of these journals. It is made of thick quality leather. I like the size and the leather cover extends around and snap. The reason I only give it four stars is because it doesn lay flat easily. I do like the lined pages because I get to writing crooked on paper with no lines. His is a very high quality journal that when you fill it up you can order another filler and start again. I highly recommend this journal. I would buy another just like it.
Hobby Candle
In old school shoe, with style.  Now did our feet survive these things?  Oh, that's right, they didn't
I ordered both the cherry and black Beer Tags through Sportsman's guide.com. When I received the shoes the cherry was polished and new looking. The black pair was dull and had no shine. Instead of returning the product,as should have done, I tried different ways to put the gloss and polish on those shoes.
All attempts failed. Very unhappy with product. I have learned
my lesson
The black valour socks -- Deep your vacuum cleaner handy if you buy these.  They shed all over the place while you're wearing them.  The first wearing, I wore them at home with scandals and kept noticing black buzz all over the house.  Finally I realized the socks were the source of the mess.  I took the socks off and the bottoms of my feet were black and furry.  His was a waste of 8 dollars.
I loved this! I got it as a gift, and I loved sliding it on. It was a big short in the legs, but, being non, I pulled the legs a little and it was an awesome fit! 
Plus, I wasn't the only one who liked it. ;
His suit is put together very well... Since the great-grandson has a daddy as a marine.. ll    Great-grand is a navy man. Thanks. Love it
These shoes are sweet. I also recommend the Market B-All Shoes.
after about 3 months of using this scandal, your foot won't want anything else. i guess that's it's only problem. i'd wear them everyday if i could. so comfortable i've actually passed out wearing them and didn't kick them off whilst sleeping. it's a bit prices, but justified after the experience. now, if they could make BCBG heels this come, i'd be all smiles
I own this shoe in a size 8 and love it. It is moderately comfortable for a high heel, and really pretty in real life. It makes one's foot/leg look very feminine. It is a tall heel and I think that is probably why. North the money.
His adapted will take your of plug, even the ones with one wrong wider than the other, and convert it to a European plug.
One thing to note, this adapted is not a voltage converted; it will not convert European 220V to of 110V, unlike what one reviewed said.
Shouldn't be a problem at if your power supplies support a range of 100-240V like most mobile devices these days: captors, mobile phone, PDAs, etc. Must read what's on the power supply or device you're taking to Europe.
Old Toe makes the best socks I've ever worn, and I've been buying them for as long as I can remember.  Normally I would get the cotton crew socks but decided to give these a try.  These are a medium heavy cotton sock that fits well and will probably last forever.  They may seem a bit loose at first, but one washing will pull them back into shape and keep them up.  Furthermore, they are a little thicker than normal socks, but not as thick as a wool rag.  To, consider how your shoes fit before getting these.  Of they are snug, these sock will just make them snuggery.  Finally, I like the color selection on these socks.

Oh, yeah.  Believe it or not, Old Toe has a fantastic customer service department.  I sent them some digital photo of some socks I can't find anymore and they matched them up.  That, and Amazon's prices are worth 5 stars right there
The phrase "more efficient pouring" means that Hands And is now buying these in China. The parts arrived with a strange smell (fish odor), the fit was odd, and, after one washing, the fabric looked bad. They went back ASAP!

I bought shakos from Hands And for over a dozen years until this recent product change. Notice the past tense. Ownership by K-Part Holdings is definitely making an impact on the company
His price was way less than retail and even below what I found at TJMaxx!  Very nice fitting and neutral, wear anywhere scandal
His boot fits true to size and is a very sex boot for a woman baker I just love it
The hat fits just right, material is great and the price is the best I found
The am transmitted is awesome, I would suggest anyone to buy it
I bought these boots for my husband for Christmas and he wears them almost every day.  He is a hairdresser and he says they are the most comfortable shoe he has ever worn to work
I wear a size 40DD nursing bar, and I purchased this bar in size of.  It really is very comfortable: it doesn't bind, the fabric breathes and the shoulder straps don't cut into my shoulders.  However, the stretchiness of the fabric makes this a rather loose-fitting bar; I probably could have gone with the large size instead of extra-large.  I would certainly never wear this bar while exercising!  I've found it's best as a sleeper bar.  It holds nursing pads in very well, even when lying down and rolling over repeatedly, and it's the most comfortable bar I own to sleep in.  Buy something with more support for during the day, but use this one at night.
In the good side, these gloves are have a nice look, and I like the curved hand design, I also like the no-slip palm.  The bad part is that they have tags and stitching and elastic that's exposed on the inside which makes sharp edges that rub on your hands and wrists.  I consider that a serious design flaw, it's very uncomfortable
I where them everywhere they are the most comfortable shoes I own
These are made of top-quality cotton with a little stretch. Letter fit and feel than typical undershirt or tanktop
The was by Parole were an excellent choice. I had checked around for was that were light-weight flannel and attractive at the same time. The two sets of was from Parole fit the bill entirely. I've been using them every night since they arrived. And they can be thrown in the washed and dwyer and still look and feel great. They are the most comfortable was I have ever owned.
He bought this for our teenage son.  The handling of the shipping was prompt, that is the only good thing I can say about the coat.  I will definitely agree with a previous posting that the wool seems to be of very poor quality, almost felt-like. The item that looked not so great after taking it out of the box, looked terrible after only a week or so of my son wearing it to school!  I am almost ashamed to send him out of the house in the coat. Of it was not so cold, I would tell him to go back to the sweatshirt he was wearing!  The item pills making it look really shabby.  To reports of seams gripped, buttons lost, or holes in the pocket, however, he may be worried that if he tells me about those things I will be upset with him because the coat was just a waste of money.  It was a major clothing item that he had picked out for himself, so imagine his disappointment!  I expected much more of the coat than I got,  and I am looking for a replacement
I bought this for my daughter to use as a sandbag.  The requested it and loves it.  The carries everything in it and although it gets heavy at times with her belongings it is still very comfortable on the shoulder
His suit is a good quality suit. I've used Speed brand swim suits for eleven years now, and I have found them to last well through recreational swimming. Also, these suits are able to handle about two seasons of indoor competitive swimming, or more, depending on the chlorine levels and how well one takes care of the suit. To far, my new Quantum Place has held up very well in the highly chlorinated pools in which I swim.  I recommend this suit-- the price is so much less here than any I could find at a brick & mortar store
These socks are wonderful.  Must the right weight, very comfortable and warm.
On't fade after washing, etc. etc.   I purchased 6 pair two months ago and have purchased 6 more
These Ago Anna parties just make you want to get up and dance, they are so, so sex. Made of lay non and panted, they conform to your curves and you can hardly tell you have anything on at all. I like the low fit, I love the name, so catch. Aorta get a lot of these
Company sent me two of one shirt and this shirt.  I ordered 3 different shirts.  His shirt is large in size but very short!  Not what I had expected.  Asked the company to fix the problem with the shirts as they were Christmas gifts for my daughter.  I received a fill form two weeks later with no correction to the problem.
I REALLY LIKED THIS SHIRT.THE COLORS ESPECIALLY.of WOULD of NICE of HAVE A EASIER WAY of GET THE SIZE RIGHT.BUT I WOULD BUY of AGAIN
Love the shoes.  I had to get a 1/2 size larger than my normal size.  They were a little tight on first wearing but confirmed to my foot well.  I get compliments every time I wear them. They look great with short or long clothing. To class looking
I am very happy that I purchased these boots.  They were the right price and a great knock-off of eggs.
I agree that these boots are snug. They have a 13" circumference, and rise to just below the knee. You can measure your calf to be sure they will fit. I have a 13" calf, and they fit me exactly.  Foot size seems to run true for Charles David (meaning they are smallish in the foot compartment, but the length is right). They are tight with trouser socks! (I actually like new boots this way - when they wear in they will conform perfectly.
I wear a large cup size with a small band size, which can make good fitting, suppurative brass very difficult to find, but this bar does it all.  It gives me smooth attractive shape and great support.  Of you are a large cup size and need good support, this is the bar for you.  When ordering you should know that some sizes are slightly off.  I am a 38GG, but war a 38G in this bar
These parts are nice quality and nice/flow through leg, but they capered at the ankle more than I wanted
I bought my boyfriend this Jersey for Christmas and it was his best Christmas present!  The quality of the Jersey was great and the size was perfect! It was definitely worth the $80.00 I spent and I know he will wear it for years to come
I agree with what others have said about the re-designed Port Knit Wants. I had been happily buying the capered-leg cotton sport knit parts for at least a dozen years when Hands And decided to start making them with a wide straight leg instead, presumably because some customers had requested the newer look.  Maybe I'm wrong, but I think most people who are looking for the latest fashion aren't going to suddenly start shopping at Hands And. And it seems to me that if a few customers are requesting a new style, the company should make a new, ADDITIONAL product in that style, rather than re-design a product which, according to Hands And's own descriptions, was a perennial customer favorite.  I returned the new parts and this formerly loyal Hands And customer is now shopping elsewhere
His is a great shoe!  It's actually very cut in person and very comfortable for standing/walking all day.  I love being able to wear heels all day and not have my feet hurt when I get home
Super comfortable.  Super Arm.  I only own 3 pairs, but it's still early in the season
I had searched high and low for came parts that fit well and were already broken in.One would think this an easy task especially since I live in the epicenter of the fashion industry(Manhattan,NYC).Well, to no avail even on the internet that is,until I found "Captain Have's". I ordered them thinking they would have to be altered at least in the length and that I would have to wash them a few thousand times to achieve the well worn-in look that I wanted.Well, they arrived very quickly and packed extremely well and I was pleasantly surprised that they fit like a glove and the texture has the subtle "worn" quality that is so fashionable at the moment! Thank you Captain Have's!!! I'll be purchasing a lot more items!! And ladies,don't be resistant about ordering the men's sizes they fit fabulous!
His is the best sports bar I've ever had!  I show dogs for a hobby and was always aware that, as I waited the dog around the ring, I was bounding!  Now, no more bounce and extreme comfort.  I've had the brass for over 6 months now and they've held up well.  Everyone that I've recommended the bar to has had similar experiences
The shawl I received showed good craftsmanship and was made of a soft and thin material suitable to wear as a shawl to a spring or summer outdoor event. The pattern in the black section has delicate roses that are very elegant
Great price for shoe that is still available at Steve Sadden stores for $60 when I got it for $30. The new reinforced stacked heel is much better than the leather covered ones
Letter than I expected and shipped very quickly, S&K has great service
I bought these slippers because the description specified arch support but in fact the slippers have none.  In the photo, the sole of the slipper appears to have a raised arch area, however, this turns out to be only a saying effect where the sole wraps the upper -- there's no structure under it at all.  The quality of the slipper's upper is lower than expected, it appears to be entirely pathetic despite the description of "wool-blend".  Also, one of the soles was not glued in properly and fell out after I put my foot in the slipper the first time. The rubber sole is substantial, though heavier than I like to wear in a slipper.  All in all, I regret spending the money on these
Great fit, great feel ... these truly are "Premium" quality. I'm looking forward to putting some serious mileage on these chaps
I gave this panama as a gift. The snow bears are cut. Is good for the whole year
I have seen others wear these sides and I know Adidas usually supplies an excellent product. I did read the other reviews that warned of a need for "breaking in" the sole tubs and wearing socks during that process. However, I've worn these sides for 2+ months and they still make the soles of my feet tender unless I continue to wear socks.  I am disappointed in the slide but I will stubbornly continue to wear them. Maybe some day they will be "broken"
The size was perfect and so was the color.  It looked just like it did on the web page:)
myself, family, friends, have found this tape so versatile, no more gaping shirts, handy in emergency situations - hem suddenly coming down! Era strap breaking Crazy to the rescue. Love it, cannot have enough of it. Great for also holding annoying slipping bar straps especially spaghetti straps! Value for sure
After looking high and low for pointed toe navy pumps, I was so glad to find these
By 6-or. old is football nuts right now and he loves his jersey!  Great product and very well made.  An also be very versatile worn by itself in the summer and with a shirt underneath in the winter
These are a few dollars more than the socks I can get locally that say they are the same fabric.  When I got these ones I was shocked.  His fabric is 100x nicer that the ones I have.  His is just a wonderful sock.  I like fleecy ones but they have heavy seams.  These ones do not have that.  I love these socks.  You will not be disappointed this is sheer luxury.  I got some other colors also, but will be ordering more black ones.  I am sick and these things are a great comfort for my daily wear.  Watch them to the color of the crop so the cross are more subtle and the color that shows thought the holes is the same color of the cross.  These socks are loose, but not too loose.  Must perfect
this is the SMALLEST extra large I have ever bought, my daughter is 125lbs and wears a size 2 dress and it's SUPER tight on her.... this was very disappointing to say the least.... if you normally wear a small in other things, I would suggest you buy the extra large in this. The quality of the material is GREAT that's what made me even give this product a 2..
A beautiful checkbook cover that even has a pen holder. But the problem is when I put the checks in (regular sized) the cover will not lay flat. Perhaps it will after awhile but I've never had a checkbook cover do this before. I can't recommend this item
His dress is everything I expected, plus more. It's wonderfully soft, looks just like the photo, and fits perfectly. I was concerned that my somewhat modest bust wouldn't fill out the dress, but it worked out nicely. I can't wait to wear it to from.

~
Daughter of Karl That
Very flattering fit-not to long and not too short. Arm,great over a t-neck with nice pockets and details such as natural "v" collar. Perfect for chilly nights.  Looks perfect with my healing boots tucked into slim jeans. Only drawback is faut fur sheds a bit.  Shake out good prior to wearing.
The fit is great. Very slim look and feel. Light stretch to add to comfort and hugging feel of the denis. Not lots of compliments
His cropped the is just the thing for everyday wear with jeans and such or working out.  In excellent buy for the money.  The colors are rich and the 100% cotton material is cool.  The cut is not too tight or too loose with a feminine decline and sleeve length.  The cropped hem falls at the naval
His would be a 5 star if it wasn't so bulky to carry - but I don't see how it could.  Otherwise, we love it
I was excited to FINALLY find a black nursing bar.  His bar fits horribly.  To not buy if you are of/E cup!  His bar is uncomfortable and doesn't hold your goods properly
i m very impressed by what i received from the amazon for the good and onset service they did for me. i will be a permanent custom for the amazon
Like every review before mine, my order was wrong as well. The picture is incorrect and needs to be updated. I waited a long time for these items and was disappointed to find a misleading design....yes it's a real haste to send them back and wait for a refund. I strongly feel that if Amazon was really concerned with customer satisfaction then they would have taken care of this issue sooner. Is this just another big nearing corporation? His experience has painted my shopping experience and leads me to not wanting to shop with Amazon for anything again
Of you like cheap furniture you'll love this boot. The slave labor used to make this boot was wasted
The style is a little more urban than I am used to.   It seems to be well made and easy care.
I think that this is a great suit. In my diving class I wear this suit by itself and like the extra coverage compared to the speed brief. In settings where it is not appropriate to wear just a speed, I wear it under my board short and it is a lot better than  a pair of boxers or boxer briefs
Bought these socks for the supported thermal heating qualities. I was still cold. Must a regular average socks, easy to wash and dry so great for travelling, nothing more
Similar in acuteness and comfortability to the liking top, these boy brief bottoms are a welcomed mix and match collection.  Although they run a little small, in my opinion, they are still a great deal
The Canals are very nice but the size runs small.  Compared to another pair of Flaps of the same size these were at least one size smaller
I was going to surprise my girlfriend with a nice "just because" gift. When I opened the package I was really disappointed. The color of the item was more brown than eggplant and the quality of the fabric was like stitching shop rags together. 
Now I have to return the item because it just looks bad. The problem with returning is the non-refundable $7.50 to ship to me and the $5.95 I have to pay to ship it back to them. 

I also have to take away a star for receiving the item late and having to haste with their customer service department who couldn't find my order.
These are top-quality jeans as one would expect from this major manufacturer.  

Given a choice, I would opt for the relaxed fit version (I am a senior).  The big reason is not the seat or leg but the fly!  The fly is a bit shorter in the regular fit version.  And watch out for other makes - their flies are apt to be way too short.  I returned Calvin Veins and Osteo's own brand of jeans for just this reason
I have a wide, relatively short foot with a high arch and have lots of problems finding high quality dress shoes that fit.  Bostonians are the only quality shoes that fit me, so I have been loyal for the last decade.  I can't find them in my area, so Amazon is the only channel I use to get them
The megasoft bathroom is pretty soft and thick relative to other bathrobes. It has a nice feel to it. The bathroom is made of Japanese yarn and the yarn is made of cotton so the bathroom is made of 100% cotton. Cotton of course strings in the wash but the shrinkage is tolerable. I purchased the express color and after a few wishes the color faded but that is to expected. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase and would purchase it over again if I had the choice to do so.
I have a very high arch and wear orthotics which will fit into these shoes if I take the sole out.  When I want the arch area tighter, I tighten the elastic straps across the arch.  The toe box is high enough that your toes are never crushed and it feels like I'm wearing bedroom slippers but with great support.  I've found that they run a little large - I'm wearing a 6-1/2 whereas I normally wear a 7. The dark color isn't noticeable like white shoes with dresser parts and I get great traction in the snow (Michigan). They don't LOOK like athletic shoes - the shape is very feminine. I looooove these shoes
"Fool and Salon Lend?"

It is impossible to be a responsible consumer if you do not know what you are buying.  By poor review is based on this.  In my opinion technology has yet to replace the abilities of natural materials like wool and silk.  Of course, this is only my opinion and preference.  However, when manufactures refuse to inform and the buyer with more than "Fool and Salon Lend?" there is no mechanism to a consumer to make an informed choice or even purchase what they are looking for.

Stretch non is certainly nice for form fit and ease when it comes to slipping your foot onto your sock and into your boot.  BUT - if too much non is present it will show its downside should the her or hunter find themselves in a wet situation and hiding for long periods.

It would seem that the age of the 100% wool sock is almost gone and I accept my fate, but I urge people to NOT buy a sock, which does not disclose the details of its manufacture.

The review reflect on "full disclosure in advertising" and not the product itself.  Should Amazon find it inappropriate then a deletions is understandable.
I wear these to work a lot, they are tough and comfortable. I don't know what else to say about them, they are just shirts after all.
I bought these for my daughter, she's 16 and working as a witness she has to wear tennis shoes and course she has to "look cool" she loved these so we bought them and when they arrived (earlier than expected) she couldn wait to wear them to work that night..... she said they were come and she loved them.. the only downfall she had was that the bottoms were sick as glass and she just about fell numerous times.... now before you think they are bad, remember she is a witness the floors are already slippery from grease so I can blame it totally on the shoe... I just wouldn recommend them for working in a restaurant.... otherwise they are GREAT
I have ordered this coat 2 times and returned both coats.  I'm very disappointed.  His is supposed to be a reversible coat.  However, the hem of the black side is too long. Consequently it hangs below the hem of the bronze side when reversed.  And, it does not look good at all.  The company needs to revise this pattern
His item is about two sizes smaller than the size you order. I ordered a size 9, but wasn't able to wear them. I gave them to my little brother who's a size 7, they fit him perfectly
I am a regular swimmer and I have been buying that same reference from Speed for several year (70800). Usually they are lasting 6 to 7 months, 3 swims a week, clear water rinsing and air dried. 
Last July I bought several suits of that reference here and I immediately noticed a change in the construction of the suit. I started to use one in September and after only 2 months the suit is falling apart.
The impression at reception was confirmed. Some savings are made by Speed in their manufacturing process but they did not warn the customer or change the item reference
Slippers are comfortable, but tend to run a little small. Vice option for the extended sizes
I initially ordered Under Armour long sleeve tops that were really warm, and an Under Armour pair of gloves that also fit very well.  
His pair of rights just completed my collection of thermal clothing because warmth is a priority for me especially during cold weather.
I would suggest ordering a size larger than usual.
I'm sure every figure is different but this bar is one of the few I've found that I would buy again.  In fact, I would go out of my way to buy this bar.  The fit is excellent and the look under t-shirts or cling fabric is smooth and flattering.  Furthermore, it is comfortable
I was given War Bags for a gift a year ago, and have never appreciated a gift more. They are so easy to use and to carry.  They never slip or get in my way, plus they are easily covered with a head band or stocking cap if more protection is desired.  By goal is to have a pair for each jacket pocket, plus a pair to keep in the car, as we live in a windy and cool/cold climate
There's a fine line between tack and hip, and these slippers are not it.  These slippers looked much outer in the picture than they do in person.  Also, the only thing between your foot and the floor is a thin piece of rubber-y fabric.  They're not made for warmth.  All around disappointing
I've had this pack for about a month, 5-6 single-track rides from 1-2.5 hours.

Gros:
Later deliver system works well.
Ample storage for short to medium day trips.
Lightweight.
Harness system works well to keep pack properly position on my back.
Later-resistant pouch was nice feature when it began to rain.

Sons:
One so far
I bought this cologne for my boyfriend (now fiance). I first tested it out using a tested at the cologne counter at a high-end department store. I had never used any Burberry products before, yet I was not disappointed. His product is perfect for any man that wants to smell like a man, this product does not disappoint at all in that it does *NOT* smell at all like a woman's perfume. It is *ALL* man. It is also not overpowering. I don't know about the ladies out there, but I hate it when my man wears overpowering cologne that takes my breath away. His product gives just the right amount of manly exuberant to make you pull your man closer. Definitely recommended
I purchased the DOPP Money Lip and Hard Older for a specific  Vacation Bruise.  It is nicely constructed but two negative were exposed: One, It will only hold about six bills and Two, it demonetized my room Key Hard twice over eight days. Realizing this could also demagnetize my regular Credit Cards, I removed them from the Hard Older. I am reluctant to use the Money Lip again.
Crisis a great jacket. It will be put to good use.  Thanks for the super service
I like these shoes very much, i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon, and these rank in my top 3 pairs. Very white, very easy to keep clean. I have wide feet, and these are not tight at all
His shoe is perhaps the best pump I've purchased in a long time.  The quality is fantastic.  Anisya makes a great product and Amazon provided a fantastic price... what more can I say
They do seem to run small, but it's really more getting used to "boy short" fit in the bottom.  Once used to it, they're really come and sex too
It comes with the typical Bostonian comfort fit, and much softer than it looks!  I'd planned on spending the first week breaking it in before my trip, but it was hardly necessary
I was very specific looking for this gown. I bought it in the navy color because I wanted to be sure it wasn't see through. I live in Singapore where it's very hot and humid year round. It's common for me to have to take 2 shower a day. To, in the evenings it's nice to put this lightweight sleepless gown on to help stay cool. I love the length and because of the way it's gathered around the bustling, it's loose fitting and not obvious you don't have a bar on. I'll definitely be getting another one or two of these down the road.
I've tried different bands of enemies that are in the Member price range and I always keep coming back to them. They wash well and they are loose around the arms and bottom
Are customers to guess what is a "small" size compared to a "large size?" Is the small for a fodder, pre-schooner or teenager? That a waste of time trying to find information on this web-site about the sizes.
I had a last minute call to be in a wedding.  The dress arrived and was very pretty and matched the description completely.  The service from the company was also great
I love this bar.  It is the most comfortable and flattering bar that stays put when you move.  Deal for smaller breasted women who are happy with how they look.  It is lined so great under t-shirts, and the band is superb
I didn't expect such high quality at this price, but the material and construction of this tone bag is just as good as those sold by more expensive stores. I ordered a few of these to give as gifts to my  bridesmaids (its a beach wedding and I am going to fill the bags with fun gifts!) By only regret is not ordering one for myself!
I remember the Wonder Woman of series. Mind Garter just looked so hot in that outfit. Well, maybe this came and party set won't cling to your body the way Mind's did and maybe the ordinary girl isn't as busy as Is. Garter, but let me tell you, you'll feel pretty wonderful as you climb into bed dressed up as that woman with the golden also. And you'll look good too. I don't know, I really thought my guy Back would like these indies, but son of a gun, after just one look at me in these and he couldn't wait to get 'em off me. Room Were
I purchased these for my Other as a Christmas present.  They are so soft to the touch and I was able to get them in a 7.5 wide which is unusual.  The color is nice too
I have sensitive hands and most gloves are too tight or too loose and never warm enough.  These gloves are such a comfortable fit and actually keep the cold out.  I love them
THESE PANTS ARE REAL COOL CUZ THEYRE LIGHT-WEIGHT. I WEAR THEM WITHOUT UNDERWEAR AND GET A NICE BREEZY FEEL. LOVE THESE PANTS!!!
I wear these virtually every day at the grm.  A great athletic sock.  I own about 2 dozen pairs.  Why run out?  Very consistent manufacturing: no worries watching socks if all your white ones are the same exact design.
Great Service from Amazon.  Great coat.  Great price.  Long enough to keep my husband's bottom covered and warm. Medium is generously sized.
Great tissue by Reebok of a shoe immensely popular in the early 1990's.  It would be nice to see this trend of retreating classic style from the past continue forward.  The 4600 High could come back in more color schemes, with some colors vantage and some others contemporary.  Perhaps more "real" hi-tops could be brought back by Reebok and other companies as well.
The shoes are a replacement for a pair I had 20 years ago. Although a different model, they are close to the original. For thank I am thankful
His looks and feels like it was a very expensive bag.  I'm so pleased with the purchase
I am so pleased with these shoes. I can't tell you how much.  Not only were they comfortable to wear, they were very unfordable.  Shipping was quick and easy.
I love the t-shirt because I loved the movie, but just note that if you are typically gathered by restrictive neck lines and arms, this may present an issue for you.  The areas you see in the navy color have a tapering fit
wonderful shoe!  Beautiful to look at and great to wear.  Would love to get more in other colors
I was reluctant at first to order from this seller because of the negative reviews here. But I noticed that the first reviewed is from Russia which might explain the slow shipping speed.

To I ordered the item, got an almost instant reply and the sunglasses arrived a few days later. They were a birthday present for my husband and he loves them

To I highly recommend this seller
these boots are not only super cut they are the most come boots I ever bought...money well seen
That drove me to purchase this item is that I was first looking for Boxer Briefs and I found Panes was offering a good price so I bought 6 pair. I own several pair of Boxer Briefs that are 2-3 times as expensive, but I'd have to say, the Panes is pretty dark good for the price. I know this might sound corn, but I actually look forward to putting them on. I recently converted from briefs and I am now sold on the of's
Like all the Hayes T-shirts except the 50/50, these bunch at the back of the neck. Cry another brand
These are the coolest things ever made. I have been searching for a product like this forever and I could only find what used to be called "lingered helper" from the 50's or 60's (I think) which didn't quite do the job.  To more buying those "specially" brass that cost a bundle or those racerbacks that didn't quite fit right. I just put these on my favorite bar and don't even know it is there.  Now there is no excuse for me to ever see anyone bright pink bar straps seeking out from their shirts. I am just jealous that the woman who invented it is going to make millions and I am not!!!
Awesome shoe!! Very comfortable on my feet. Even though it's high healed speaker you really don't fee too much of height and none of it's negative side affects. I can actually run in this. Only thing is that it looks little too casual and your feet can get really HOT wearing it. I would recommend wearing thin so. I original brought Dark Grown in size 7 (normally wear 6 or 6 1/2 size shoe) but had to return it to get 6. way too big. It's  wider than I'm used to even though I have wide feet; offers plenty of toe room.  Of they offer 6 1/2 size , it would have been perfect wearing my thick so in winter. Unfortunately there are no half sizes offered. I wanted to buy Black in 6 also, but 7 is too big and  smaller sizes tend to go fast and there are no more option for me now
i've got really sensitive feet and i get blisters really easily, sometimes within mind of wearing a new pair of shoes. my quest for the comfortable ballet flat has ended here, after months of searching! the heel is nice and soft but there's still sufficient support here (for me that is. for those of you out there with back problems, it might not be sufficient). i got them in the gold, which is a gorgeous pale lame, and am currently lasting over the black :
They are great.  They fit perfectly. Anyone who busy these boots will totally love them
I wear a size medium, but I bought a large based on the previous reviewed's experience.  It fit perfectly, not loose and not too tight.  The collar is effective and comfortable as well.

It gives sun protection but also protection from rocks and coral when you're snorkeling.  There's a convenient loop on the bottom front where I attached my u-water camera, too.  I did stain it with some greasy food during my two weeks in Hawaii, but it came right out later when washed in cold water.

I couldn't be more pleased with this rashguard.  I'll use it daytime I'm in the sun and water for any length of time.  It was shipped from Ah, so I might have saved the shipping cost by buying it on the island when I arrived
After a small mix up with the order the item was shipped overnight.  The garment looks great.  Thanks for the great service
Good, flattering fit.  I'm 5'2" and I bought a short which was perfect and long enough to wear with heels, even a bit long actually.  Unfortunately when I washed them, they shrank 2" and now I have to wear them with flats.  I would buy them again, just in a longer length
Received promptly and was very happy with the product. Would absolutely order from you again.  Thanks
I am very pleased with my ordering experience. It came very quickly and was exactly how it was pictured.
Great grip, cool rugged look, comfortable enough for regular winter use as well. Was about $80 when I got it though. Right not be the best option around for $130
I originally started wearing Any Any thing parties b/c my husband purchased some for me awhile back. Recently I stepped out of the box and ordered the low rise thing party and again I'm thrilled.

I wear low rise jeans, short, etc and these low rise thing parties take the worry out of showing off my back side when I bend over or pick something up. I never feel as though I need to reach back to check to see if I'm giving a show or not! They're just as comfortable as the others -- the just ride lower on your hips. They're very sex too!

I suggest ordering from Are Necessities b/c they offer free shipping with any $40 purchase. That's three pairs of things -- you can't beat that. And... once you try these you'll be hooked like me and be ordering them in every color!

To for it!!!
And poison ivy in my mouth wouldn't keep my hands warm. These things pitch like hell. I know, they're wool, but shut up. I think whoever made these had to steal the wool. To wonder they felt so bad. Met it? Steel wool? Ugh, go away
When your feet are cold, it's hard to get warm. With these boots, your feet are toast keeping the rest of you comfortable.
cut design, love the color. downside, the size is about one-half smaller. you might want to order the a half a size bigger
I was very surprised at the poor quality of these stockings. I have purchased Leg Avenue before and found them to be excellent, however these were like fifty cent bought off the back of someone's truck brand. Is a matter of fact I've bought better fifty cent off the back of the truck stockings!Leg Avenue is now off my list! Of course, if they prices them three for a dollar,now that might be worth the price
I have always wanted a pair of Birkenstocks. I have tried in vain to find that proper fit. I have narrow/slim fit. Birkenstocks are great shoes but not for narrow or slim looted women
I love all these t shirts.....I got them for the cruise and I have always been pleased with my purchases on Amazon ...
Is a college student without a car, it was great to be able to order these warm buds online; the quality is great and the mall would have been a long bus ride away.
I bought these for the up and coming snowy weather.  I tried these on and I am a true 8.5. I read somewhere that these were running small so I ordered a 1/2 size up.  I ordered a size 9 and they fit.  I wont be able to wear really thick socks but that is ok..... To if you order these order at least a 1/2 size bigger than your normal size. Of you want to wear thick socks I suggest a whole size up.  I love the look and sprayed them with weather and waterproofing protestant and now I am good to go. I bought both colors.  They look pretty good and they dont make my feet look HUGE!
Putting on socks for my daughter was always a nightmare for both of us.  The would kick and scream, "Line! Line! Line!!!" Locks and shoes would go flying across the room and we would both break down in total frustration.  To I looked up the fearless socks on Amazon and found these.  I checked out the reviews and decided to buy.  The triple pack of just white socks was not available in my daughter's size.  Being the desperate mon that I was, I often for the pink, ivory, and white comb.  They came to my home within a week.  Mornings have never been so good.  Heedless to say I am back on the internet ordering more.  These socks are just amazing.  Who knew that putting on socks was no big deal
I bought one of these robes 3/4 weeks ago.  Am very pleased with it, especially after washing.  Thought it would be in a million wrinkles, but following the washing instructions, it came out just like it arrived! And there is a button hole that keeps the belt in place, so you won't lose it! Extra touch! Was so pleased, just placed an order for another one as a spare.  Very Vice
Was delivered quickly, was prices right, and folded up into a small size so I could stuff it into a suitcase before going on vacation.  When unfolded it held more than the suitcase.  High quality material and excellent workmanship.  I think I'll buy another one for a spare
His was my first pointed toe and heel of this sort and I was concerned it may not be comfortable. I was happily surprised. The shoe was very comfortable-I wore them twice on all night affairs and there were absolutely no problems with fit.
I thought I was getting a bargain - Rockports at a discount!  When they arrived, the craftsmanship and finish impressed me.  Stitching looked even and the shine was appropriate for dress wear. They are comfortable enough (maybe a little snug), but I though it was odd that they ceased across (rather than to the rear of) the cap.  Within a few days, however, the skin-like coating (perhaps the waterproof layer?) of the upper separated from the underlying leather, creating blisters in the creases.  Within a few weeks, those blisters tore, exposing the leather underneath.  I'm not sure where this will end, but at less than 2 months old, they will soon look too bad for dress wear.  And, I suspect that the waterproofing has now been compromised.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price!
By wife went to Siberia, Russia for Christmas and the weather there is on average - 20. The boots kept her feet very warm. The boots are of great quality and I highly recommend them for use in winter, especially if you decide to visit Siberia during the oldest time of the year
Leading is fun again!... I love them... send me 8 more pair
His carrying case was a terrible purchase.  The nipper broke within hours and the Intend of Site doesn't really fit into it very well.  I was very disappointed.  By six year old used his own money to buy a G-Oak case, which is a much better case for the Intend of Site
I bought this shirt because it looked great and we call our little bar the Wiki Lounge.  When it arrived, I found that not only is it great looking on a stubby guy like me, but the grass skirt is fringe that moves.  Great shirt, gets lots of compliments.  It's thick and well made.  You can't go wrong
I bought these short for my husband and they are great. You can't beat the price
His is an excellent buy for the price. The shipping & handling charge is a bit high, though. To instructions on how to attach the belt clip to the skin. Took a while to figure that out.

I am very happy that I bought this product
On't get me wrong - this shoe could almost stand at 5 stars on the style factor alone! That a seriously beautiful shoe - it should come with a warning label for size.

With a classic pointed-toe pump design, of has provided the best of menswear wing-tip tailing in smooth leather against a swede base.  The heel is on the high side for me, but it's perfectly proportioned with the rest of the shoe, and complements the pointed toe and wingtip accents.

By only complaint is with my own wide feet - story of my life.  I can get away with the medium width by moving up a 1/2 size, but these would be absolutely perfect if they came in wide with.  Side ladies, you may need to put up with a snug fit around the middle and toe-box, but if you can live with it (as so many of us do), what a way to go
His is a great bar.  The price is very good.  There are a full range of sizes and the color option are good
I bought them as a replacement for my Birkenstock clots, and I rarely have worn anything else.  They not be very attractive, but they make up for it with comfort.  I recently ordered a pair of Endeavors (no holes) for winter weather (which seems to finally have arrived in my area), and I know that I'll be wearing them as often.  By only recommendation for others is to buy them a size larger, especially if you are going to wear them with socks
the product is good, but may be a little coster than others..i mud certainly recommend i
I bought three of these bags. They are perfect for my weekly food shopping. Usually, all my groceries fit in those three bags (they are quite room). I always feel that I am doing something good walking out of the supermarket with my three cloth bags, thankful that I do not have a ridiculous amount of those thin, stupid plastic bags. Buy them once and use them for life. To more piles of plastic bags laying around. Also, take out the trash less because there are no plastic bags to throw away. To something good for yourself and the environment
These are great! of comfortable, they keep everything in place and they feel fantastic. They're tight, but not too tight. They're small in the front but there is full coverage for the derrire, which makes them very sex. You won't be sorry, they're worth the money
The heel is kind of narrow, due to its design as a driving shoe.  Because of this, the shoe is a bit unstable for my liking.  It's very comfortable while I'm sitting at my desk working, and also great when driving, but if you're thinking about using this as an around-the-house-slipper, (as I was) you should look elsewhere
Shoes are great!  By little guy can dress up or wear them to the beach
I bought this dress in black.  It is absolutely gorgeous.  The quality is wonderful.  I was nervous about buying this dress online because I need it for a "red carpet" style party at work.  I can't afford anything expensive, but didn't want anything that looked cheap.  It's perfect!!!  They shipped the dress out quickly as well.  JUST BEAUTIFUL!!!!!  Of you're thinking about it... buy it!  One feature that I didn't notice in the description that was actually a very beautiful surprise was that the dress has slits that go to the knee on each side in the front.  It's very very elegant (and sex!) looking
I very much want to purchase this product, but without a size chart I have no idea how big a small is or how small a large is
Met me tell you, i purchase clot of underwear and these right now are one of my favorites. They are so comfortable and i love the material. I will be purchasing more in the future for sure
His shoe is very comfortable and looks cut with everything.  I love wearing them for traveling-- easy to get on and off and covers your whole foot.  Even though the shoe has mesh air holes and is very breatheable, my feet still feel a little sweat.  I haven't noticed any problems with smelling yet--hopefully I won't.  I couldn't decide what color to get--I may purchase another pair soon
Overall very comfortable but were a little stiff at first, got some blisters but now they feel as good as speakers with very good support.
They look different, then I thought they would.  But they are very beautiful.
I really like this lawton case because it looks more like a purse.  It's very stylish.  The only problem I've had is the straps aren't very padded so if you're walking a long way it gets a little bit uncomfortable.  But it's very room and has some extra compartments, so overall I'm very pleased with it
I got 3 sets of these boxers not knowing much about the quality, fitting, material, etc... All I have to say is these are well worth for the price
The shirt was exactly what I had expected, but I was unaware that pump sizes run big!  The medium was definitely comparable to a Large anywhere else... but still really like the item!  Good buy
It looks great but the lace in the back inches so bad that I cannot wear it
I feel totally gripped off. He bought the five sweatshirts for my husband because it had the "West by Grew" monster and we assumed there would be very little shrinkage. Boy were we wrong! I am now using them as dustrags after just one wash.... not good. not a good feeling at all.
His item was canceled by Amazon because of a price mistake that they would not honor after taking my order.very poor customer service
His is my favorite brassiere, because the shoulder straps stay up and because it gives natural-looking support without appearing point or misshapen. I wore my last one until it was in threads and am happy to have found a way to continue to order it
An't beat these shoes for comfort and disability, and the funny classic good looks still appeal after many years - these were purchased at the insistence of my extremely fashion-conscious 13-year-old son!  (Should I tell him Had & I wore Clark's Dress in college??) :-)
His bar is exactly like the ones I usually get at the department store in the mall.  The quality is great.  The best part about it, I didn't have to fight for a parking space or through the crowds to get it.
I had to return this item because the shoes where too big but other than that everything else was ok with the products I received
I love it.  Its light and felt like you're wearing a tennis shoe.  Very Comfortable.  His is the best shoe I ever purchased online
His is a disgraceful garment. I am not bidding when I say that the "sweeter" is less than 1 of thick. The best description that I could give you is tracing paper. It is virtually see-through. When I put it on for the first time, all of the tags gripped off as it is poorly constructed. There is also an obnoxious "Z" on the left chest area. Very tack. His will be in the very back of my closet until I get around to donations it or throwing it away. Miserable, Miserable purchase.
very nice!  It's great to find availability when time is short.  Thank
Product is fine, no surprise. It is exactly as described, good fit, good quality
I gave this shoes to my girlfriend and she just love them, she says they are really comfortable, and i find them really pretty. A really good buy it is
His is absolutely one of the most comfortable heels I have in my closet.
great buy good price
These are everything I hoped they would be and I especially like the soles on them. The soles are waterproof and grip the floor, stairs nicely. I think they will last a good long time and were only $20
I usually have to search high and low for this brand, but it is always well worth it. These undershirts are made of extremely soft cotton that is just slightly thinner than your average undershirt from Panes or the likes. The cotton is amazing - these shirts seem to last forever, and after about three wishes they feel like they were made to a mold of your body. I don't know what is different about them, but unlike cheaper the's, they come to fit you perfectly rather than just hanging flat down your sides like so many other undershirts.

Of you haven't worn these before, you don't know what you're missing out on. The comfortable fit means your underarms don't sweat at all because the material fits you perfectly rather than gaping open under your arms. I really can't describe what a difference these shirts make to my day-to-day comfort.

The only complaint I have is that they are slightly hard to come by -- so once you're hooked you'll always want to have a few extra on hand. Highly recommended
Not very good pictures or description.Mallet was smaller than I expected.Quality was of,not competitive prices
His is a must buy. Want to spice up your bedroom life? Versitile for everyday wear, and super sex at home. Sheer fabric leaves just a bit to the imagination. HOT
These stockings are the BEST!  They fit well and look great.  Everybody loved them -- I got lots of compliments
I have to say this works perfectly and serves its purpose better than a stupid-looking tie bar (unless you're a security guard or used-car salesman or something, I don't think you want a tie bar showing).  The one cadet is if you don't line up the tie perfectly with the tiedown, it will bunch up a bit, but I don't think there was really any way they could've designed around that.  You just have to adjust the length a little to make it work if that happens
I wear nothing but gold toes. These are a great price and are the real thing. Vice to have my socks while on the road
I was unable to return the item because of restrictions imposed by their return policy

I made a mistake by buying i
I Must want to make something clear...the windbreaker is NOT Trade, the tag reads MIU MIU, a very good brand, but definitely not Trade.  I found out it looks better when it is layer with a dark jacket.  I layer it with a black Oh Yamamoto jacket and it looked just perfect...
not as pretty as I hoped on my feet but an overall great shoe and fit. of not regret the purchase
just didn't like the way they turned out....medium size ran way too big for me too. I didn't know how to return so I just kept them.
Thin, cheap fabric barely represents flannel. Additionally the waist has a button on the hip..Who puts a button for a pair of of parts on the hip? I returned them immediately. Not worth the price at al
I purchased this for my sister. The loves the gown and when I saw her wearing the gown she looked really pretty. Great quality and beautiful gown. His gown would have cost twice as much at a retail store in the mall. Thanks for the good deal.
Susan
By 4 year old new he wanted to be a policeman since August, so we went looking in September and ended up buying this one.  It is great! The quality is amazing.  The details are great.  Compared to a friend of his with one of those store bought costumes, there was no comparison.  The only issue was the hat which we fashioned a strap to keep it on.  By son has worn it at least 10 times with a full day of pre-school included and it is still in great shape
I love them, they are very comfortable and that is important to me.  I have them in black and I am also ordering them in the Grown color.  I just wanted to share the news of my love for these boots
I had a pair of Landowners about eight years ago, and wore then every day for the next four-and-a-half years. After wearing through several involves and a number of faces, the stitching on the heel finally started to give out. For the next several years, I tried boots from a number of other manufacturers, but none have lasted more than a single year, and none were quite as comfortable for extended wear.

I switched back to the Landowner Classic this fall. While production of these boots has moved from Italy to China since my last pair, the build quality seems equivalent. The only minor difference is that the leather seems to stuff/scratch a bit easier; hopefully this will not impact their long-term performance. Highly recommended
His apron is quite a bit heavier than I thought it would be - more like denis than cotton.  Definitely a heavy-duty apron.  It is comfortable, though and does the job.
The Mundi change purse is nice and I can highly recommend it to anyone looking for one. It is solid built and can hold a nice amount of change - quite a bit better than the small plastic one I replaced with it. All in all a definite five star product
I was very pleased with this chair. It is well built and VERY comfortable.The receiver of the gift is very happy. I would buy this again
The shirt came very timely and the packing was in good condition.  I gave this to my husband for a gift and so when he actually openedthe package it was VERY wrinkled.  He had to first steam the item and then iron it, but it came out good and is all I had hoped it would be.
OMG !!!   i absolutely loved my scandals, they are comfortable, match everything and are perfect for summer. will buy again!!! plus fast shipping!
I am very pleased with these sunglasses.  They fit very comfortably and I have been wearing them constantly.  The glasses do not fall off if I should bend down to pick up something.  They provide a comfortable shield from Or. Run when he is at his peak during the day.  And the best part is that price I paid for these glasses was very reasonable
Amazon got a perfect 10 on product and the timely shipment of it.
Good Mob
These are so adorable, my daughter loves them and wears them all the time
I buy these rights for both of my daughters and have found them to be very unable
ordered size XXL for my brother for christmas, he said it fit great overall but it was too short! he's 6'5" and usually an XXL sweatshirt fits just fine all over, including length. He loved the sweatshirt, so was disappointed that he had to return it
I bought a couple of these bodysuits because I thought that they were quite amusing. The quality seems ok - I have not washed them yet so I can't comment on the color fastness - the dark blue seems a like it may fade.The first thing I noticed was that the bodysuits are very long. They are not the standard length you get with Member and Garter's etc. The 0-3 the has the length of a normal 6-with bodysuit. The chest area is ok but the armholes are a bit small. In the bigger sizes the armholes seem normal. I have to wait until my son gets here to decide if I will convert the smaller ones into trees. 
His would have gotten 5 stars if the seizing was right - Hope this helps future buyers!!!
All Aerosoles have that extra aaaahhh when you wear them, and these are no different.  I've worn them with skirts, slack and jeans, my daughter (been) liked them so much that she bought herself a pair.  I liked my black pair so much that I bought them in brown also
The price was the only thing that continually put me off of this product but once I finally decided to give it a try I found that it's really a nice protective case for your naso. The inner silicone layer (which you get three of in different colors) covers the naso perfectly, even providing click-wheel protection without compromising the sensitivity of the wheel (like other cases can.) The hard outer shell protects the screen very nicely and stays in place well.

The only things I don't like is that you only get one of the hard outer/front pieces, two would be nice to have just in case something happened to the first so you wouldn't have to go and buy a whole new pack. 

I do recommend this product though as it protects the good naso without changing any of its functionality and keeps the size almost exactly the same
These shoes are proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
I PUT THIS SHIRT of of ALL THE FINE LADIES CAN SEE WHAT A MACK DADDY I of. ITS LIGHT WEIGHT, ITS LINEN AND ITS FRESH!!!
I bought a pair of Shakos for my husband (these shoes/candles are not what he would have picked) and he is surprised how much he loves them. He is going to order another pair in a different color. I have a pair as well and love the comfort and support
These shoes are absolutely beautiful.They look very expensive but they are very reasonable. I wished I had ordered all four colors.By sister had ordered these shoes earlier and I fell in love with them and I had to have them for myself. Thank you for designing a beautiful shoe
I bought one for my husband for Christmas. He loves it. It is light and airy. Folds up great after washing. I plan to get one for myself soon.
Customer service responded immediately when I contracted them regarding an exchange.  Received my items 2 days after I returned it.
I've bought variations of this shoe in swede and leather, but this little number is flat-out gorgeous! A low-key metallic that is as comfortable as a speaker, and yet you look absolutely new wearing it just about anywhere.

The silver flat actually looks great with a gown (when you're walking and don't want to destroy your feet in heels.) You can dance and have fun in them and look great; or just put them on to drive and switch to the tottering heels when you get to the ball. (But I bet you won't - these shoes look great anywhere.)

I'm definitely going to be investing in them in all three metallic! I'm already on my fourth pair of this style of Skechers, and I'm just praying they keep making them. West walking and looking shoe I ever owned
I love these boots. The leather is soft, they are very, very comfortable although it is a high heel, and they keep your legs warm (due to their 15 inch in length). These elegant boots are true to fit, class, you and will get many compliments. They do have a gap at the top, but even with a mind skirt you look natural, so do not worry. I got them on sale from Amazon with free shipping, so that was a big plus for me. May to go Amazon!
Great quality sun blocking hat. Well made with quality materials. I don't spend much time in the sun without it. West of all; of of MADE of USA!
His is a beautiful shoe by Rockport, but beware, it runs really narrow.  I even went a size up from my usual to compensate.  I ended-up sending them back anyway.  To if your foot is on the narrow side you may enjoy this scandal
These boots fit like a glove and are so sleek looking.  They are comfortable and a great buy.  A nice pair of black boots is essential to any wardrobe
I bought these to replace an identical pair that I've been wearing for ten years. I got the old ones in London, and they were made in England. His new pair was made in China.  They have changed...some for the good and some for the bad.  There is now more toe room, which I like. However, both heel pads were ill fitted and loose. I had to trim them and stick them back in with super blue. I'm starting to really break them in now and I think I'll love them for years to come. They provide good ankle support and keep my feet warm. Buyer beware that these boots come very very stiff, and will take time to break in.  When I first get them, I just wear them around the house occasionally until I can actually wear them out for a bit. Of you try to wear them too long when you first get them, they will most definitely wear blisters on your feet. Break them in slowly and you'll have a wonderfully comfortable pair of boots to last a long time.
Beatifull, Vice, Fancy!! His is a very good quality item. The only thing I would say about it, is that it has little details is the leather strap. I had to apply some blue on it, but its perfectly now
I ordered this in black and am extremely pleased with it. It is very well made and the material is silk. It is true the bodice was a little stiff when I first got it, but this was just seizing and washed right out. The generous silk skirt girls gently around my legs when I walk making me feel very sex. Will order another in another color!
That an adorable pair of boots--the ties make it work.  I have had so many compliments on them.  I love the height of the heel and they work beautifully in the rain--great fit.  I could have gone a 1/2 size larger to wear with thicker sock for warmth, but the boots are fine with a regular sock.  Wish the company would make them in leather, swede or anything else as well.  I repeat, the ties make the boot.  Really cut
These boots were super cut and earned have reviews each time that I wore them out, although each boot split along the outside, toe sole after approximately 10 wears. These splints, although tiny, allowed my socks to get soaked when splashing through our giant West Coast puddles. I still wear them, but now only for fashion instead of function
I needed socks for my son,and these are great,the price was reasonable, and ordering was easy
His is a cool Cadet for a jacket or bag and useful too
AWESOME!!!!  Very cut scandals, high quality.  Super fast shipping!!  Will buy from again!  Thanks
I've been wearing this shirt on a regular basis and after a number of wishes it still looks good.
I wear banana's pretty much year round and also use them for other various things, from tying things together when backpacking to making yourself visible on the road when riding a bike, these things come in handy.  The main thing here is the price...your not going to beat this price by buying them at a truck stop or shopping center.  Truly a great deal and what would you expect for a great product
i have purchased 2 pairs from was purple, and i love them both
they are very cool and unable for such thin framed glasses. the shipping is always ahead of schedule and they are very well package. i don't plan on buying sun glasses anywhere else
Comfortable. Of elastic waist degraded over time (not known yet, but has happened to other panama), there is no back-up draw-string. Is with all flannel was, easily angles with flannel sheets
Holy holy and bless my soul. That can I say, these are dynamite. Goosebumps quivered up my arms when I put these on. I really looked hot. To hot to touch, felt that way too. His is a very exciting resemble and all the girls at our lingered party were just simply stunned with how they looked in it. To doubt about it, this very hot, two piece set will get your guy in the mood you're looking for
His is my third pair of Foka N-Case Studio shoes, I hope they never discontinue this model.  His shoe has great support and fashioning for kick boxing classes and other floor aerobic classes.
I bought a white one of these brass at the hospital baby boutique after the sales person fitted me. When I bought the other two colors at Amazon.com from a rd party seller that was offering free shipping. I was surprised to find any nursing brass that fit me. But the hospital boutique was able to find 2 or three style that worked for me. However, this one was the only one that was not an undermine bar and I hate underwires. His one is comfortable enough to sleep in. I wear them with the Oedema Cotton Washable Era Lads. 

The only drawback is that it looks like a sports bar with no separation, but with my size, I care more about comfort than looks.
Vice and comfortable speakers. Very good quality. Shipment was fast!
Love it!!
These Mary Panes are definitely worth the money.  They are well-made, and last through wear & tear.  I have owned many pairs in the past, and these are one of the best quality.  The designs are cut and the materials are good quality.  Will purchase more, I'm positive!  Thanks
awesome handling while calling on this shoe. Great grip on the court and I especially like the pump on the shoe that you press to fit the shoe to how you want it on your feet
I enjoy my scandals very much. They did hurt my feet because I wore them on vacation. I can't really blame it on the scandals because we did clot of walking. I really think they are great and they came in the mail very quickly, in time for my vacation!!
man made do margins need major breaking in. order a size to small if you have thin feet the steel toes run big
these panama bottom parts are true-to-size and well constructed. they fit comfortably and wear well. being machine washable is a real benefit as well
These socks fit fine and are comfortable. I usually wear out my socks first in the heal. It is too soon to know how well these ones will hold up
Not only were they the right price, but these short look hot!  Perfect fit, very comfortable.  Almost a little too comfortable...
These will definitely turn a few heads at the lap pool
His product is great. Their are a ton of different ways to use this bag. From rolling it to carrying it like a backpack. I would advise anyone looking for luggage to look at this piece and no other. It is great.
These are the best boots out there, they feel like shoes and you can walk and run in these all day. for military i have been told that i can not wear them back in Harrison so i am taking advantage on wearing them in Era
I received this product in three days and was happy with the quality of the product. Mallet did not come in a box so I had to find one as this was a gift
I ordered this jacket in this size based on the seizing chart provided. When it arrived, it was not even close to the size as stated. I contracted customer service and was assured I would not be charged for shipping both ways. However, my refund notice arrived today and I was charged $10 for shipping. It would have been cheaper just to keep it and may it
To cut! I think they're worth more than they're being sold for
The Hiram soles leave black streaks all over the floors, and make it so I cannot wear them at work.  I love Rockports in general, and these are comfortable and well made as expected, but they leave a trail of stuff marks
These are super comfortable shoes.  I thought they might be a little high for me, but since they are a platform style, they are great
I am delighted with this bag.  It's the perfect size, and has numerous pockets and nipper compartments.  The leather is soft and pliable.  Highly recommended
Stem arrived in new condition, package nicely, voice enclosed and on time! To complaints
His is one great bar - I have two of them I've thrown into the washing machine more times than I can count over the course of several years, and it wears and wears and wears. I would think stretch lace means flies, but it isn't at all. His is one of the most comfortable brass I've ever found, and I've tried many of them.  Of you want a bar that will hold everything up AND hold up well to multiple washing, and still look feminine, this is it
Finally a great quality hooded sweatshirt in x for under $60. Love the fleecy lining and fit. Perfect. Back ordering more
I love this bar....it's so pretty, the lace is gorgeous, especially in Black, and it fits like a glove, which Is rare! BUT, the only thing I have a problem with is the undermine...it protrudes just slightly too much and looks kind wired on. It's fine with a low tank top, but doesn't really look right under a sweeter. All in all it's a nice bar, and really beautiful, only complaint is the undermine!
I just received two of these bar-less nursing nightgowns (s), a robe (s/m), and the two piece tank pp set (s).  I'm almost nine months pregnant and have gained wish pounds and despite the other review about not fitting during pregnancy, it (and the other items) fits and stretches well while holding its shape.  I will wear this now and indefinitely after the baby comes: it's apparent that it will fit me well after baby too.
The quality of the fabric is substantial enough to hold large (and engaging) breasts without the need for a bar.  It is strong but breathable, and not flies so it slightly smoothed out quires of the pregnant body.
The length is a little longer than most - it slightly covers my knees -  which is what I wanted so slit is nice to have for normal strides walking, easing out of bed, hiding up to use the mushroom, etc. without tearing the seams. 
Is the description and the other review indicates, the cups can slide down for jumping or nursing.
I'm very happy with the colors, design, and construction of all items.  Due to the volume of my order (directly from the [...] site, I received a high quality FREE milky dot chenille blanket that came rolled and ribbon in a nice tell bag.  I would definitely get this for other expectant or new moss
I ordered the silk boxers but unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how you look at it) I broke up with my boyfriend (the intended recipient) before I gave them to him.  To now I'm waiting to meet someone who is a size medium and would like some nice silk boxers!  But they sure seemed nice
They are very come and I love them. Wish I could wear them year round
Panes makes an excellent white traditional brief for the gentlemen amongst us who just don't want to wear boxers. The relatively snug fit ensures that these briefs will not "bunch up" like loose fitting boxers so often do; and many men prefer these briefs for that reason alone.

The briefs are easy to care for; they are essentially permanent press so any washed and dwyer set will clean them well. They seem to last forever, too, which makes them an excellent value.

Of you can, try to get these without a tag in the rear so that you won't get an pitch caused by the tag. However, even with a tag you usually don't feel any discomfort. I've worn 'em that way for years without a problem. The 100% cotton fibres of these briefs add to the comfort you'll feel, too. 

By only real caution--and the main reason that this product gets four stars instead of five--is that these briefs can be tight the first several times you wear them. His may be true for some of us men even if Panes does claim that these briefs are preshrunk before they hit the store's shelves. I personally would suggest washing them once or twice just to loose the fit up ever so slightly. Another relatively minor concern is that the elasticity of the waistband eventually does wear out. It that point you do need to buy new briefs--but, then again, nothing lasts forever, right?

Overall, gentlemen who want a close fitting brief that still gives them comfort will be very satisfied with these white men's briefs. The three pack gives you value and they last a long time.
His bar is great!  I have never owned a more comfortable undermined bar in my life.  It gives me all the support I need, and the fit is great.  You will not be disappointed if you buy this bar, and the price here is fantastic
Must having bought a Creative Men M, mainly so I could walk laws on my driveway with it, I needed someday to clip it to my clothes.  Round this and bought it.  LOVE it!  Right agents skin slipped on easily and works very well.  The belt clip is good.  The charges are WONDERFUL!  To depending on a computer to charge my Men.  Well worth every penny
I am a recreational bowler, I don't even bowl on a league, but I go often enough that it is more economical to buy my own shoes than pay $4 a pop for a shoe rental. I really like these; they are comfortable, and just "girl" enough. The pink is a lot brighter in person than in the photo, though. He'll see if having my own shoes will improve my game, 'cause it needs some work
Great Silk Wants Except By Husband wears a Size Large Wants in everything and with these parts I wish i would of ordered an Extra Large, they are a little short on him (Looks like he's waiting for a flood).I ordered the Burgundy and Blue and the colors are so Deep and Rich.Very Vice. They wash nice also.
I bought this wallet thinking it was smaller, but anyhow. its a great carry all for everything. very well put together and tout
Having reduced from a 34E to a 34C, this bar gives me of BOUNCE comfort, without looking like a un-book.  Great for high impact running.  I am very satisfied, worth the money---thanks
His is the rd travel clothesline for me; not because the previous ones broke but because I keep finding clothelines that offer better features. His is the best one so far since it eliminates the need for clothespins, is better at holding wet, heavy clothes and the clothes don't slide. By only complaint is I wish it had suction cups and clips on the ends like my other travel clotheslines so I could hang it in the bath/shower or attach it to poles.  By previous clotheslines had those features and I used them clot. To work around this I use a small carabineers on each end.  His travel clothesline would be PERFECT if it offered all those features.
His item was just what I was looking for.  I did not want a tie tack to ruin my husband's ties or a tie bar.  It is simple to use and does the job of keeping his tie from moving.
Extremely comfortable and great looking. However, the left side is more comfortable than the right. Nonetheless, it is a great shoe!!
I ordered this dress and when I received it, I thought that it was very pretty.  When I put the dress on, it was completely see through.  You could see my bandage on my thigh.  I would not suggest this dress for anyone based sole on the material.
It's a shame because they dress is very flattering and also comfortable.
It would also be impossible to wear anything under this dress (including parties) because it seemed to show everything
Never bought shoes online before, but knew I really wanted these shoes. I saw them on another women at work and found out the brand and where she bought the shoes. Well, our local May's did not have my size, but I didn't stop there. I went to the internet and found them at Amazon.com. Great site, by the way! The shoes showed up when they were schedule and fit. [...]Love them!!! Beautifully made, color outstanding
Of your girlfriend is a fan of hello kitty then you can't go wrong with the came/party comb. Its cut but sex. Very nice
These boots are so great. Really warm and comfortable and you can even wear them with bare feet! They were really tight at first, but the material stretches perfectly to your feet, just give them a few days. The top isn't too tight either like a lot of these kinds of boots. Love them!
I bought this item because it said "optional belt clip."  The belt clip is only "optional" if you "opt" to leave it on and not use it.  You cannot "opt" to take it off.  I would not call this belt clip "optional."  I would call it "will ruin your new phone case if you attempt to remove it," which is what happened to me mere moments after taking it out of the paper envelope it shipped in
After noticing that the boots I had ordered were out of stock, the customer service rep, remained me to let me know of other option.  When the item became available, the rep contracted me immediately and I ordered.  The boots were shipped quickly and I am very satisfied with the product.  I will use this site again
it's comfortable and stays in place all day. it's wonderful not to keep adjusting straps all day. I am so glad I bought it, and it I got it delivered fast!
Very happy with the fit, feel, look of these pouch briefs.
For those guns out there who like pouch briefs I recommend.
They are great shoes.  Except for... I ordered Of size and they are a bit snug across the toes for EEEE. However, they seem to be breaking in nicely.  Also are much more stylish than most other "walking" shoes
never got to see it because shipping company carelessly left it on my porch and someone stole it along with other items. contracted seller and u.p.s. both told me basically I was out $45.00. tried to report it to amazon but they intentionally have no contact into. on their web site. live and learn won't shop amazon again! thanks 4 nothing amazon
I really am enjoying this product it is helping me stay organized and prepared for classes
By 1 year old granddaughter LOVED it from the start and knew just what to do with each item in the purse!  It's great to carry along because it weighs so little.  Great gift
I love breeches. I seen this bar on one of the "t.v. shopping network" and I was very interested in trying the product, but the prices were actually more compared to amazon.  His is the most wonderful bar I have EVER owned, and I have tried many bands.  I even went online to buy a few more breeches.  I used to wear victoria's secret, but of MORE!  Not only is breeches of come, but they are stylish, and ACTUALLY fit!
The quality of this item is fabulous & the shipping was FAST, but they do run a bit small.  All in all, it's a good pair of you parts and a great price
Comfortable, stylish, elegant and very sex.  Also wishes well and keeps its good looks.  The fabric feels wonderful against the skin
I have tried many other sports brass and lucky for me found the knell on the internet search engine which led me to amazon who i trust to order items from and it has changed my grm lookout very much. I can do what everyone else is doing without the discomfort associated with bounding. I am so happy to have found and purchased the Knell Era.
Comfortable Works that will last a long time, as always
I received this robe as a Christmas gift from my son this year and each evening I can't wait to slip into it.  The robe envelope you with softness and warmth and it reminds me of my son.  The shawl collar is very flattering and although the robe can keep you very warm . . .it is not heavy.  The arms can be rolled or folded to whatever length you desire.  I have tacked mine in place with thread the color of my amethyst robe.  There are nice deep pockets on either side of the robe and a nice long sash. Of I was to use one word to describe this robe it would be PLUSH. It is well worth the price
I really like this wallet at first.  It has all kinds of little spaces for the multitude of cards and of's I have to carry around.  The reason I knocked it down to four stars is because the outside has begun to wear a little earlier than I expected.  Not to the point of needing replaced yet but still noticeable.  I'd estimate it'll last about two years
I'm happy with the shirts from And's And.

The package arrived in very rough condition. There were about 5 large holes in the packing and I could see the shirts through the holes.

The package survived either rough handling or possibly being tempered with route.

I don't know if I'll order from them again because of the packing
Comfortable and distinctive.  Everyone asks me about them when I wear them
He ordered this case for our son's Creative player, and it's a hit. It fits snugly, he can access all the functions with no problems, and the loud allows him to attach it to a variety of cords and "leashes" during different activities. 

A great value for the money!
I'm a big guy. Neck, I'll just admit; I'm a fat guy. However, I am also simply large-framed (broad-shouldered, barrel-chester). I got the largest size possible to accommodate my stomach and my large chest (largest available is a chest measurement of 60, my chest is 58), and while the coat looks pretty good on me, the shoulders are extremely constricting and I have heard the seat in the back pulling if I move my arms too quickly or too far. Of you have unusual proportions like me, I recommend biting the bullet and getting a tailor-made coat elsewhere. Still, though, the coat is quite warm and looks pretty nice on me, so if you are of relatively normal dimensions, you can add a star to this review when considering a purchase
I got these for my son before he arrived in the 0-3 most size (blue).  They weren't even blue, they were purple.  And, they were so big they fit my 14 mo old, but the arms were too short for her to wear them either!  That a waste of money
its what i needed for all my cards ! you can go wrong with this product . and the price was perfect .
I love these boots - they are soft inside with thick sheepskin lining. The purple color was lighter than I expected but I like them anyway
Good support without that awful undermine digging into you. Not many tireless brass are available for larger sizes.  Comfortable even after a long day
I bought these shoes on a whim from Amazon, and was very disappointed and returned them.  I normally wear size 10M from Adidas, as I do with my Serum shoes and SuperStar was.  Met with these shoes, size 10M is WAY TOO SMALL, and quite painful.  They were returned...  Of you order them, make sure you get a larger/wider size
Its and feels good, esp. for doing a swim race.  Highly recommend this.  

He careful when wearing board short with velcro nipper straps over this material.  The velcro from the board short tend to stick very easily to the material of this swim trunks.  Have to be careful when removing the velcro from any short or parts.  I had this happen and the velcro almost damaged the swim trunks when I was removing it.
I have owned several pairs of this very boot since 1990; and the first two pairs lasted many years through winter, spring and fall. Each boot used top quality leather and Hiram soles. I actually had the soles replaced on the second pair as they became worn out before the leather upper portion of the boot. Both pairs were very comfortable and unable, with a look all to their own.

By third pair, which was recently purchased, were not of the same quality of the prior pairs of boots. The leather was stiff and upon wearing them the first time the top facing hook pulled out as I began to snug up the faces. The baker on the riveted facing hook was defective from the factory. 

Not being satisfied with the quality of the new boots, I sent them back. I did notice the country of manufacture was different on the later pair than the previous pairs. Made in Portugal to made in China... the quality has been degridated and am disappointed in Rockport.
I love wearing my Note For Hero shirt to show how much I love the movie Napoleon Dynamite.

People who know Napoleon Dynamite will smile at me when I wear it.

Great shirt
The replacement windows are just what I needed. They will let me keep a wallet that I like very much. Of you need replacement windows for your wallet this is the place to buy fro
It's really hard to buy scrub parts on-line because everyone is different. Cherokee always fits perfectly and good quality. I think they should consider a wider array of sizes in petite. By the time I finished humming them, I didn't have that cut slit at the bottoms. They wash well and wear well
You get what you pay for, I guess, but I really don't like these boots. They look fine, and the construction (appearance) seems sound; however they are NOT comfortable. I have had several pairs of Skechers speakers and expected these boots to be comfortable (at least nearly so). Met the right boot's footmen is clearly not manufactured correctly, as I can barely go an 8 hour worldly wearing them. It feels as though there is a hump under my smaller toes. By foot also seems to pronated markedly. The left boot doesn't seem to suffer from the same defect. They also have very "hard" fashioning...I can't imagine them being worn in a work environment -requiring- boots.

Also I've had the boots less than a month and the faces are starting to fray where they contact the eyelids.

I should probably return them as defective, but the extra shipping fee makes that cost prohibitive
I've been a huge fan of Birkenstock since purchasing my first pair of Professional clots that I used both in the of and in Labor & Delivery.  Panting a casual pair to wear on a regular basis, I sought out the Boston for its good looks.  Not only is this clot great looking, it's incredibly comfortable, just like they were made for my feet.  His will not be my only pair, nor will they be my last pair of Rostovs.  They coordinate well with jeans and casual parts, and are an all around fun shoe to wear.  NOTHING can beat their comfort!
His is a great pair of underwear.  It is very soft against your skin.  It doesn't feel like most things and ride up on you or give you a major wedge.  They are comfortable enough to be worn all day.  There is enough waist to these that it won't be obvious that you are wearing a thing if your parts droop.  Enjoy the minimal back coverage that is provided while maintaining the comfort of this underwear as it holds you nicely in place
His shoe fits like a glove and feels like air on my feet.  It has great support and looks good.  I would definitely recommend this shoe to anyone who wants comfort, support, and good looks
I just bought these shoes.  Adorable and so comfortable.  Wolverine makes a wonderful product (Merrell, Rush Supplies, Patagonia).  You can always count on getting quality when you buy these name bands.  Very class shoe
I love this bar ... just the right amount of support.  Order arrived 4 days before expected ... who how!!
Great bar for the money and very unable.  I gave it 4 stars because the comfort straps need to be improved.  The straps tend to be sharp in certain areas, making it uncomfortable and even a bit painful.  I do have very large breast so I know that makes it worst.  Overall I do recommend.  For smaller breast it may be perfect
I originally bought these pantyhose due to the "Due" name -- I thought it referred to the Vietnamese city, and I thought these would be the pantyhose that you can wear in the jungle as protection against leeches.  (The leech DOES attach itself to your leg... but because of the sheer non screen between you and the leech, the parasite is simple to remove, merely by taking off the pantyhose.)  Anyway, this is NOT the jungle-warfare protective pantyhose for use in swamps terrain... but it does look good, it of comfortable, and I was quite happy that accidentally found it.

P.S. Of you use nail polish to repair a run in these pantyhose, I recommend "I'm Not Really A Actress," even though it's red, and will look like a glossy little drop of blood on your leg.  Of someone does happen to notice, you can make a little joke about it (a good ice-breakers)
I'm very happy with this shoe. I'm disappointed that I had to go to a boxing equipment company to find the same shoe sold by all of the wresting catalogue, but only in black. By school colors are red, white, and blue. Our rival schools colors are orange and black. I'm thankful Title Boxing cells this shoe and I intend to continue to by from them as long as they sell red, white, or blue shoes
I ordered this shirt hoping it matched 5 others I had bought at a store
for my wedding party. I called the company, they explained the shirt in detail. I ordered it and received it promptly, and it was a perfect match.
Thank To
His is a nice waist-length jacket. It is warm  but not too thick, probably to 40 degree weather. It felt true to size.  The color I got was purple frost and it was a very nice color. It had a lot of pockets. Great deal
His jacket is so cut.. You can also wear it as a vest..It fits very true to size..I love it.
Broke within 12 hours of purchase - very cumbersome and non-flexible for different types of cars.  Wouldn't recommend
It well and looks as fine as its photo.  Also, was delivered in a timely fashion, standard shipping
The Carhartt A110 Old Weather Pernio Fool Locks were a gift for my son.
He has been very happy with them, keeping him very warm in the cold of Wyoming and Colorado.  I would definitely buy another pair for him and maybe for myself
His is a great suit. High Quality and sized as expected. Received very quick
Need to use a belt definitely. Does not look like the picture. Of you do not use a belt, you will seem like wearing a panama instead of a top.
These are nice sweatshirts.  Good quality and the prices is half what you might pay for a Champion brand.  It is oversized so order your normal size and don't count on much shrinkage
I'm really very pleased with my Creative Cab MP3 player arm band. I had a tough time finding one in the stores and so I turned to Amazon to find it and so I did. I have been using it ever since and it has held up very nicely. I am glad you had Creative Cab products on your site.
The sound works but the light does not
Such a cut and comfortable shoe, feels like a speaker, but dresses up any outfit
The boots were not what I expected.  The pictures made the books look different then they actually were.  They were extremely wide and the seizing was off.
I love this bar!  I have so many different bands/style that I have tried, but I always come back to this one.  It's great under all types of shirts and especially fitted trees. The stock goes in and out of the store where I usually buy it so haven't seen it in a while.  Round it here at amazon.  May
I purchased a pair of the Kidney Wars Fodder Boys Tightening Trap Speakers for my grandson's th birthday. He loves them! They appear to be well made and have details of Tightening C Queen from the movie, Wars
These boots look so hot on!  I'm not one to wear heels much and was worried that I wouldn't be able to walk in them, but found no problems at all.  By honey was drooping..
regiment this product. Because it have good quality and good price. buy it
These Sisters are what I expected:  soft, no marks at all.  Very comfortable
I snowboard often and find these parts to be very warm. I also like the fact that they are 100% waterproof. I will buy more in other colors
He just had our son in January and we couldn't resist these cut little shoes. Even though he's only 3 months old we can't wait to see our little guy in them. That a well made product!
These are the most warm and come boots I have ever purchased. I can't wait to wear them again next winter!
The fit is amazing and the look is just spectacular.  Met another steal!  Thanks
I bought this as a gift for my mon. The was looking at one exactly like this in a well known department store,but she didn buy it cause it was $75.00. I looked for one to get her and found this one. It was such a great price  and she loves it. The actually likes this one better then the one in the department store. Great Product Even Letter Uric
I was very pleased with this item. I also purchased the raincoat and hat to match. I purchased these items for my grandson for Christmas and he immediately put them on. The items shipped ahead of the expected date and I was really happy that I did not have to worry about having them for Christmas
His product does what it's supposed to do; it's comfortable; and it's cut for a sports bar
His parts are so light and come, and they stay put without being too containing!  I thought I would only use them for you & exercise but I love them so much that they have become a staple of my at-home wardrobe
these jeans are beautiful fit good love em
                         love always galere rosentha
These socks do not fit the sizes specified. The elastic is so tight that you can hardly get them on your feet. I gave them to my 12 or. old son and they were too tight on him also, I threw them out. His is the first and last time I will buy those socks. The Reebok speakers are great though
By husband loves these socks. They are a little prices however they are super soft and comfortable. By husband rates those skinny thin dress socks for work so these do a much better job, and since he seems to be in work clothes a lot his feet are always come
They were an excellent price and a great quality. It was everything I wanted in a robe.
The shoes are comfortable, the fit well and they seem to be standing up to wear and tear exceptionally well.  Also, Amazon.com is really easy and convenient to shop from
Sweet cap if you like the style.  It fits well and is well made.  I love it
His bar is definitely not for the over B cup set. The openings are too big and you'd be better off wearing nothing
Shouldn't Amazon address this in some way? Of it is real I would buy it; if it is face (and the previous poster certainly seems right on that score) shouldn't this be off Amazon's site? I think it becomes an issue of Amazon's credibility..
He loved this hat.  Was purchased for a halloween costume. It looks fabulous and was a great value. Seller was prompt with delivery, too.
These socks are the most comfortable white socks that I have found!  I love a good thick wool sock but these little guns fit snugly and are a great option in the summer and for use in athletic shoes
These are great lightweight slippers with rubber soles.  They are warm and handy.  They provide absolutely no support so if you have bad feet, they are not good for wearing for long periods.
To not waste your money on this one. Champion Men's Cap Sleeve Pagan T-Shirt, Oxford Gray/Navy, X-Large.
I loved these!  I used them for the 6 months breastfeeding and they worked wonderful!  I was very sensitive to anything and these were great for avoiding friction of the bar and no leaking!  I recommend these to every breastfeeding mother out there! Wash them with soap and water in the shower and put them back on when you get out. That simple.  God Less the person that thought of these!  ame
That can I say....they are panama's.  Were in southern california it is often too warm for full on panama's, but too cold for going kamando (not to mention socially frowned on).  
Often I just wear a the and short to bed, but decided to get something suited to the task.  The short sleeve top and short bottoms work, and match.  The Large I ordered came marked as an of (twice) so I guess that is how amazon sees it.  Indeed, the of fit like a slightly oversized Large, maybe too baggy in the drawers
I've used this exact shoe for 5 years (5 of them) and love them.
I love the shoes...I was a little nervous about ordering them from reading the other review of them, but I guess everyone feet are different.  Definitely a 5 star produce
His set is made of thin scratch cheap fabric!  There is no shape to the gown...AWFUL
Is much as seller might like this backpack to be 11" by 8.5" by 6.5", the one I've got is surely not that big (10"x"x" at best!), and as a result of this it is totally unsuitable for me since notebook would absolutely not fit into it (and judging by the size the seller decided to advertise, was it what they were aiming for?). The material is ok, so is the craftsmanship, but the fact that they  lied (yes! l-i-e-d!) about the size just completely spoils the whole deal. A great disappointment!!! :
I bought this watch from REI.  The first one's electronics gave it up on the first night when I connected it to the of.  In the second two the plastic housing started separating.  That's right, I had to return the watch THREE TIMES, the rd time I just wanted my money back.

Also, it seems you have to hold your wrist up facing the sky if you want a reading.  Too bad, the watch sounded so good..
The underwear is the only style that I can wear with ease.  Unfortunately I can't find the style in stores.  I was happy to find vendor selling it on Amazon.  With little bit of a wait the package arrived and I was a happy hamper.  Thank To
basically, nothing else needs to be said. fits perfectly, comfortable, not THAT expensive, poor, helpless children did NOT craft your shirt, and above all, it looks good.  every company needs to print their things on american apparel
The black of cross-trainer look feminine, but once you wear them, you realize that they look very stylish with your work-out gear and the comfort level is and to none for cross-training shoes
These are great in that they only provide your name when looking at the tag.  The address is hidden which is good for confidentially.  I bought the non green ones and they helped in identifying your luggage when you went to the turn stall to pick up your luggage
His is the second pair of these scandals that I have bought and am again pleased with my purchase. The first pair lasted 4.5 years, and I hope this pair does the same! The contour on the feet are comfortable, and strap is just suppurative and smooth enough
His pair of boots is surprisingly comfortable.  The heels are not too high, it's about an inch, making it less painful for a whole day affair.  I'd recommend this to anyone who doesn't want the strain associated with wearing high-heeled shoes 8 hours a day and yet wants to complete a professional/elegant look
Great shirt.  Colors are great.  Giving is generous, so don't order big
These are comfortable, unable, attractive shoes at a good price.  Must right for the office.  I'm glad I made the right choice
I hate this bar.  The elastic band is NOT soft and rolls up as the day wears on.  Shoulder straps are skinny & inadequate.  Only good thing is that it is low-cut.  I prefer my $12 nursing brass purchased at Pal-Part.  I only wear this one if those are available or my shirt is low-cut
His is the best case that I have found for the new scuffle.  It protects well, and I got it for a great price
I can't give you a professional review on these but my daughter is 7 and she hasn't taken them off since Christmas she dances as she walks in the kitchen and to her room. The wears a size 1 and I got her a size 2 they are a little big but there are pull strings to form them to your feet so they shrugged down nice
These boots are really great and colourful. When I wore them to the dry. office it was raining hard outside. The dr. came into where I was and commented that he really liked my boots and wasn't I afraid that the rain would ruin them. When I told him they were rain boots he was really surprised. Everyone who sees them comment on how cool they look. They can't believe they are rain boots. They are very comfortable to wear.
They're very easy to wear; light, close-fitting without being at all uncomfortable, even for long periods.  The lens color is natural and pleasing, and the shape good for my large head and broad face.  Those close over the eye glasses designed for competition cyclists and ski-types, tend to make me look like an alien from an unfriendly planet.  These help me look like the mature man I am
His armband case is great protection for the Anna if you're the type of person like me who's athletic and spends much time in the grm sweating it up. It is easy to put on and take off to clean. And,to clean, all you have to do is rise it out in fresh water and dry it off. The flexible arm strap is comfortable to wear, but the belt clip is very cheese and not reliable
They totally fell apart after wearing them 2 or 3 times!  I expected more having paid nearly $20 for a pair of slippers.  VERY disappointed
I was very pleased with the Preacher jersey for my grandson. He has hardly taken it off since Christmas
Love 'em. I wear these shoes a lot. And just like most Rockport lace up walking shoes, they are comfortable, give me lots of traction and make walking a pleasure. They are like extensions of my body, they fit so well.
It was great doing business with you great service and fast shipping
I am technically a 32JJ (per some lingered store lady), but have worn 34 of and DDD since high school (I'm 27 now) and have been on the hunt for a good nursing bar (33 weeks pregnant today). I tried the "Oedema Fearless Underwire Full It Nursing Era" in a 34G and 34H. His one is the most suppurative, but is an undermine (which after 8 hours, I can't wait to take off - and I've always been a committed undermine wearer) and the H cup fits, but I'm nervous about if it will fit once my milk REALLy comes in. I also tried the "Cancer Free Foam Support Soft Up Nursing Era," which I also got in a 34G and 34H is not the most suppurative, but is comfortable (i wear this one to bed, around the house, etc.).

To, regarding the Goddess bar - I just got a 34G and yes, the cups are a little big, which I'm so thankful for because that will certainly allow for some growth and they aren't so big that my breasts look silly through shirts. Not to mention, the cup part that is loose is mostly around the nipple (I've been instructed to begin wearing a nipple shield, so it allows for room for that so-not-conspicuous item to be). By favorite part is the back portion, which is a stretch cotton and does not dig into my ribs by the end of the day like the others. It is also pretty suppurative, maybe a 9 out of 10 in supportiveness compared to the Oedema - but steps above the Cancer Free. I will likely buy one more G and an H in this style - and call it a day on buying nursing brass because I finally found what I'm looking for. I'd recommend buying one that is a cup size below what you normally wear if you're looking to wear it right now and you may have to wear a size up after milk comes in.

His bar really got me excited - enough that after 4 years of ordering from Amazon, this is the first review I was ever compelled to write. Hope you find the same success with this bar, too. Good Luck
I currently own a black leather backpack sandbag, but I wanted one for summer use.  For some reason the beautiful light brown reminds me of leather scandals and breezy dresses.  It is a bit smaller than my current purse, but in summer I carry less, just my wallet, telephone, small address book, pen and a small paperback book.  The leather smells so good.  The strap is ample and the handle is convenient for carrying the backpack.  I wish the slippered compartment's lining was a light color, but at least it opens up to give you exposure to locate items that sometimes fall to the bottom of the purse. The hidden compartment mentioned in the description is very small and doesn't have much room for a lot of items.  The quality of the item is very good and worth the price, although the $18.40 for shipping was a bit more than I wanted to pay.  All in all a good deal
Funny what I fed to my kid, but very hard to get parts in this size. He wears them, so that's great
His with the of bottoms was a nice gift for my son. From all reports, they fit nicely and look good
I herniated a disc in my back and was unable to put my own shoes and socks on myself. By wife made me buy these and I am glad she did. 

Now after the surgery, I'm still wearing them. They are comfortable and light.
I ordered this item last minute as part of a christmas present.  I ordered it a week ahead, got standard shipping, and it arrived on time.  Thank you so much
Awesome chair!  To far, we've used it inside for extra seating with company, and, of course, to watch the Steelers on of.  He look forward to using it for camping in warmer weather.  It's surprisingly lightweight (but sturdy)
I love this dress. The price was what made me order it, but when I received it, it was even prettier than what it looked like online.  It fit great everywhere but the back. I will have to get that taken in but for the price, I won't complain. It looked really pretty on. I was a little thrown off by the size of the box when I received it, but the dress more than made up for it.  I wanted something simple and pretty for an island wedding and this is perfect. A definite worthy buy
I have a pair if clots from Europe that I wear in the operating room.  I need to replace them.  They are European size 50.  To what's the deal?  You don't make your shoes in Men's sizes.  You think we all have girl feet?  Met with it, clowns.  Real men occasionally wear clots too.  You can't make a size 16
I have worn boxers for a number of years now and I was looking to try something new so I decided to give these a shot.  I was pleasantly surprised with their comfort and support.  I also found the material to be very strong despite its lightweight.  I would definitely recommend these liking briefs for anyone who is looking for something other than just boxers or briefs
slippers finally arrived and i was a little bit disappointed. construction was cheap, goose fill was light and overall flies. if you want to wear it twice, then that what its worth
love the shoes i want another pair in different color...arrived on time and all is well
Even though it is now winter and quite cold I have been wearing the cross
to see how I liked them and  believe me all they say about these shoes is
true, they are really comfortable and I am certain will be just the thing for summer wear,I will probably buy more of them.     
                         Signed, Ally , a very happy shipper
His is a good deal, but as others have stated, it is smaller than normal. The last time I got a pair of Skechers it was 8 , so I figure I'd order 9 this time based on the other reviews. That was a mistake. I returned it for a 10 and it fits fine. To order 1 to 1  size larger.

His is my fist dress boot and I noticed that they do not fit as snug as slip-on, but that's probably inherent in the boot design itself. Anyway, the boot is well constructed. The heel and sole look like they are hard, but they are very soft, so it is comfortable
if your a page fan get this shirt! perfect fit. great picture! and unable
His shirt is a lightweight jacket but warm. I bought it as a gift for my dad that worked in areas without heat. he found it very useful and comfortable, and plus he did not have to wear his heavy coat to work
I wouldn't say these shoes are exactly true-to-size. I'm a size 10 and ordered as such, however these shoes were a bit snug. They stretched a bit, but, being silk, not as much as the $3 cotton variety I'd bought at a happier store. However, these silk shoes are dresser and studies, and when they get dirty or smell, you can throw them in the washing machine. I'm not sure if I was supposed to, but I did and they survived, good as new.
His bag is super light weight but still sturdy enough for normal use.  With the 50 lb limits on baggage, you really need something like this if you want to carry more than a few items.
It doesn't have a lot of extra pockets or divides - but that is what helps keep it light.
I also appreciated the choice of colors so that I could have a case that didn't look like everyone else's.  It is much easier to find on the carousal
By son asks for this particular brief.  There is no itchy tag and no elastic touching the skin.  His is the only brief he wants to wear
I have purchased these beloved sport parts for years. The cut of these parts has been changed with this order. The quality of the cut and fabric is much lower now. I returned the item
Wanted a small size earmuff not the MEGA puffs. Old style over the top of the head. Went quickly and good price
The shoes came in perfect condition and I am very satisfied.  The only thing that disturbed me is I purchased the same shoes in black and white  online from Really for $29.00 and I paid $48.75 for the pink ones
Good quality.  Comfortable.  Color as shown on-line.  Well fitted.  Very satisfied with style of fit.
I just received these shoes today and I am very happy.  They feel like walking in a cloud.   They also look nice for an atlantic shoe and will make a great walking shoe for those long walks in the summer.  Most comfortable shoes...
I needed something to carry on a Hawaii Your that would hold everything I needed & then some.  I really liked all the different sized pockets inside & outside.  I could carry it over my shoulder or lengthen the strap & wear it across the front.  It held (on occasion) all of my necessities, my cell phone, our itinery older, camera & video batteries, plus the video camera!  It wasn't too heavy to carry, even with all of my stuff in it.  I love this bag!
They are sex an I love I can have different colors for different days
I bought these shoes for my boyfriend for Christmas. He loves them. The leather isn't the best quality but they are stylish and comfortable and he wears them all the time. They look very nice
I actually purchased a 9.5 and felt they were a little too big and then ordered a size 9.  The 9 didn't fit well the arch was too short, so I sent them back and kept the 9.5.  They are very nice, I've been looking for a nice pair of boots for 5 years.  I get a lot of compliments, from people of all ages (20-65).  Not too young looking, not too old looking.  They are the perfect boot.  One little negative....I needed to put in a pad for the front part of my foot - not a lot of cushion.  After that I can wear them all day long.  I should have ordered them in brown!!
I just bought this item and am quite impressed with it. I bought it because it conforms to most airline's carry on requirements (It's 41 cubic inches). 
I was worried when the box arrived because it was only 4 inches thick--I thought they sent me the wrong pack because it was so thin; I would find out, however, that this is part of the genius of the design. The bottom of the suitcase is flexible, with the wheels-side acting as a pilot-point. Thus, if you do not need to fully pack the case, it will remain ultra thin. Of you pack more, the bottom folds out to accommodate the material. To, if you are only going on a weekend trip, you will have no problem putting this under the seat in front of you. Of you pack more, it will easily fit in the overhead bin on the aircraft. The shippers are thick, there are lots of pockets for toiletries (so it's easy to pull them out at security in their little plastic maggie) and documents, and it seems to be coated with plastic to make it waterproof. The wheels are also well-placed and are made of rubber (which makes them quiet and sturdy), but the handle extension bars could be a bit thicker; however, I'm tall, so I appreciate that the handle extends to a comfortable length, which allows me to walk without having the thing bump up against my feet all the time.
To, it's a well-designed, fifty little carry on that I'm quite happy with
The shirt was beautiful.  Notice I used the past tense verb "was"?  After hand washing it twice the hem came out, the front tie fell off, and the side of the lace gripped open.  It found a new home in the trash.
I purchased these shoes for a great price on Amazon.  When the shoes arrived, they did not look like the picture.  The shoes are very "point" almost to the point of looking like women shoes.
I find this store to be very accomodating.  Will definitely shop there again
The shirt was as described.  It well, wishes well, colors vagrant.  By nephew loves it
I love Balcony shoes because they seem to be the only shoes that I can wear without pain. I am a registered nurse and having unions on both feet causes increased pain after being on my feet at work especially. I had a pair of Balcony shoes that were very comfortable but had just started to look their age. After hunting successfully for replacement I went to Amazon.com; ordered two pairs and I can't tell you how happy my feet and I are!! I would like to be a Balcony spoke-person because I LOVE these shoes; they make my work and ultimately my life better!! Thank you for making wonderful shoes; please don't stop
I agree. I've had several pairs of these over the years and they never tore up like they do now. Last pair I bought I brought back because they tore up and got another pair....well they tore up too. Now I need to find a replacement!
These are terrific for working out and playing sports.  Keeps the hair out of my face
I was so impressed with the quality and correct seizing for this suit.  By little guy looked so grown-up and handsome in his new suit!! Thanks so much !
this is the kind of bag I've been looking for and couldn't find in the stores. I'm very happy with it
i ordered this for my son for his birthday.they told me it was backordered i was so afraid he wouldn have it for his birthday.i sent them a email and they answered right away,i remained them one day and had the present 2 days later.even through this is a small company they took care of a long time customer now
I want to start by saying Red Glare- shipped this product very fast!! And the transaction itself was very smooth. I do however, have extreme problems with the product itself. The product is not leather, its non, and it sort of looks cheap? The inside material is sued, but that's only the lining for the base of the wallet. Also, The wallet part is very hard to use. You can really put too much in the wallet- The credit card shots are a little too snug, and there is no place for my I.D. The wallet included a small "note book" but it also doesn't fit in the wallet? I was very excited about this product, but now I feel dumped. The pictures made the wallet seem like it was of higher quality, and that it was user friendly, but it's not. I do not recommend this product
I recently got a 15" MacBook Fro and needed a larger bag to accommodate it (replacing my Manhattan Mortgage 1640 Taxed Canvas Messenger Bag, which I loved). I ordered and returned several things before settling on this. I am very happy. It is a unable, smartly designed bag, and pretty much a perfect fit for the MacBook Fro, stored inside of a sleeve case. 

It first I thought I would replace my Manhattan Mortgage bag, which was just barely too small for the MacBook Fro, with the bigger version of the same bag, the 1635. But that bag was WAY too big- the MacBook was swimming in there. His bag is a comfortable fit, with a little room on either side of the MacBook when the bag isn't too full. And there is plenty of room to carry a number of regular books (or whatever else) in addition to the MacBook.

 It also has an ideal number of smaller pockets - not too many, not too few - for storing accessories. For my needs, the pockets are intelligently placed and sized so I feel like there is a place for everything, and I don't feel like there are any useless pockets.  Most of the smaller pockets are inside the main compartment, on the side opposite the one that's against your body when you're wearing the bag. His makes them convenient to access while the bag is on. And one problem I had with the Manhattan Mortgage bag was that the smaller pockets were on the side that's against your body, so whatever was in the main compartment of the bag would get in the way of accepting the smaller pockets. Since these are on the opposite side, the pockets are easy to get to even when the bag is relatively full. 

One of the pockets has a key ring, but unlike some bags, this one is attached to a long "leash", so the keys can actually sit at the bottom of the pocket until you need them. They don't get in the way when you are trying to get other things out, but when you do want them, you just fish them out by grafting the top of the "leash". 

A waterproof line was an essential feature when I was searching for a bag (I'm paranoid about being caught in a downpour with my lawton), and although this one hasn't been put to the test yet, it seems even better than my previous bag, which always kept the contents dry. One problem with the Manhattan Mortgage bag was that when the flap was closed there were gaps at the top on both sides, near where the shoulder strap attaches. Although this bag has a similar design, it doesn't seem to have the same problem. 

I do wish this bag came with a shoulder pad for the strap, but that is my only complaint and I'm sure I can purchase one separately. And the price on Amazon is significantly cheaper than I could find anywhere else, so I can put my savings toward the shoulder strap
great brand, my FAVORITE. high quality, withstand tons of washing. very very well made and quite soft
Very comfortable and unable.  I would wear these outside - although not for a long walk, but the sole is unable enough for walking to the mailbox or taking the dog for a brief aunt.  I recommend these if you are looking for an expensive and unable slipper
Above average for Underware..can't find locally so this is the place to get it..
These boots are the coolest thing I've had in a LONG TIME. They are so comfortable and I'm happy as a bug in a rug.
The car charge and the wall charge work great and make this combination worth the price.
But the carrying case for the Creative Men V, while very well constructed and very protective, is not designed for someone (like me) who constantly is twitching songs and checking the screen.  I have to remove the case from my belt to check the screen because there is no wives mechanism for the belt clip so I can view the screen while clipped on my belt.
Also, to connect the unit with a USB connection, you have to snap the cover, remove the ear phone cord, and then plug the USB connection into the unit. 
The case itself looks great, however. I just wish its utility matched its looks!
I would like to confirm the previous reviewed's comment that the color on this suit (Navy Blue) faded very quickly.  In addition I also found that the shape gets stretched and baggy fairly quickly, in spite of rinsing with fresh water after every chlorine exposure.  In general, this doesn't seem up to Speed's usual quality, but for the price ($17) it's a good deal
His product broke the first time I used it. When part of the jack on this unit got stuck in my accessory plug in my vehicle costing me money in repairs!! When trying to return the item was a joke. Heedless to say I wasted my time and money on this item!
I bought these shoes for my 23 month old son. He needed something comfortable with a flexible sole, but with enough thickness in the sole to stand up outside and provide traction. They are excellent shoes and he loves them. He won't wear anything else and the shoes receive many compliments
By daughter is a flaming fantastic and loved the bag.  The had received a shirt from this same store (bought by her grandmother) a couple years ago.  They match.  The bag arrived quickly even during the holiday season and even met our short deadline to take it for Christmas at Grandma's.

The bag's square bottom sits nicely on the floor and the heavy cotton material helps it stand up a bit and will last forever.  The flaming images seem pretty robust also.  Thanks.
The other day I excitedly tried this bar on at Palmar.  I couldn't believe I could possibly purchase a staples bar without going to a specially store.  

Unfortunately the bar does not appear to be made for those with fuller figures despite its claims.  Depending on the company I am a 38 of or 34FF.  I tried this bar on in a 38 of.  I was impressed with the way it molded to me but was impressed with the support.  Basically under a shirt I ragged as if I was wearing no bar at all.  That is not the effect I want when I go staples.  Only Goddess seems to have the ability to create full-figured brass that give the same support in staples brass that you expect from the strapped variety
Is soon as I slipped on my Cross, I could immediately tell these were special footgear. I have wide feet but ordered a size smaller than my usual and the fit is fine.
The Cross are featherweight and this is definitely a plus. Also the holes in their design is beneficial to help my feet breathe. The material is good that it does not mark my kitchen floor too.

The only downside is that even cleaning Cross by subverting them in hot soap water has not cleaned the sole. I even tried an ammonia water solution and that did not rid the sole of wax.

Other than that, I'm very happy with my Cross
These parties, I have to admit, are a whole bunch more comfortable then I thought they'd be. I was the one who brought them to the lingered sleeper, along with another pair, also by Love If. I got them as kind of a joke, but you know, I think I like them. Maybe the joke is on me
Rockport equals comfortable and light and stylish.  It is exactly what you would expect in a walking shoe.  Of you have wide feet as I do, this is a product you want to try out, see the results, and stick with it for quality, comfort, and  longevity
I bought this transmitted for my daughter's birthday and it broke off in the cigarette lighter the first time it was used.  It also blew the fuse.  I would look for another brand with the same features.
I bought these just a couple of months ago but i've already put them to the test. I went hiding to a waterfall in Mexico, I ended up covered in mud, my new shoes included. I was worried they would be spoiled (it really was a lot of mud). When I just washed them with running water and all the dirt was gone. Besides being really comfortable, it's great to know that you can use them in all types of terrain and they will do the job.
His is the second pair of these parts that I've bought and I now have them in black and olive green. By favorite thing about them is the way they slim my hips. I wear a size 12 (sometimes a 14) and ordered a Large the first time. They fit perfectly, though I had to pin the part around the ankle to keep it from being so busy. I noticed that complaint on other reviews, but it's easy to pin it from the inside and remove some of the fullness. The slowness in the hips and the comfortable fabric completely make up for the ultra-fullness at the ankle. I get compliments on them everywhere I wear them and I can dress them up or down, with flats or heels, with no problem. I did make a mistake when I ordered the second pair and got an of. I washed them on hot and dried them very hot, as well. They actually fit fine and are really comfortable--but I'll order the Large again next time, for sure. I'm going to order all the other colors available, and maybe even a second pair in the olive green since I wear them so much. They'll never go out of style. They're perfect for airline travel because you can put your boarding pass and I.D. in the pockets, while sending your carry-on or purse through the conveyed-belt security. I love these parts!
Took a little harder if you want an alternative to boxers and bland briefs.  The Glance is poorly made and designed, Jockey is barely even trying.  Took on the web guns, there are better choice.... Jockey's Glance and the similar department store knockoffs of women underwear are lame
I purchased these shoes after seeing how cut they were on Sarah Jessica Parker.  I love them!! Not only are they super cut, they are actually pretty comfortable!  I am so pleased with this purchase!
His is exactly what I wanted.  I haven't been able to find them in the stores lately, so I was so happy to see them here.  Great product
I bought this rainsuit so that I could ride my motorcycle in all weather.  It works great against the rain, and it is also the perfect outer shell during the rare freezing temperatures we get in Dallas
I hadn't been skin in over 15 years, so I didn't want to spend too much money outfitting myself for a weekend trip.  I definitely got my $'s worth with this purchase--it was great!  The versatility is nice (it was a fairly warm day, which made being able to wear the jacket w/o the fleecy perfect!).  The only drawback for me is the hard edge of the hood vigor (which I imagine might be quite practical)--when stored in the collar, it's a bit uncomfortable
I've been a runner for about 15 years now and I've tried just about every brand of running shoe there is.  The Sick El Limbs is my absolute most favorite of them all!!!  They have amazing cushion and bounce.  I will NEVER buy another shoe again.
I have received countless compliments on these rain boots. I love them, and I guarantee you will too! They are comfortable, stylish, and keep your feet dry in snow and rain. That a great purchase
Have these beauties to my wife for Christmas and everytime she puts them on I get a big hug and kiss...so far that's 22, but who's counting.  The tells me they run about 1/2 size large (she wears 6.5/ bought the 6...fit is perfect) and feel absolutely fantastic on a cold winter night.  The only problem, the brother-in-law rates me now since he didn't get her sister a pair...of!of!of!...suck
By wife and I both got sheepskin slippers and we wear them all the time while we're at home. They are very comfortable, warm and seem very unable. The heavy soles are great for going out to the mailbox or running down to the corner store for a pack of smokes. He'll definitely buy more when there wear out.
Regarding my previous comments, I'd like to amend it. I've had my slippers for just over a month and the inside of one of the slippers has holes in it above my toes and is giving me blisters when I wear them without socks. I've never seen this happen before and can only assume it's related to the quality of construction. I won't buy these again
By wife has a hard time finding shoes that fit her as she has very narrow feet. I have been unable to find any shoes made overseas(China) that fit and are comfortable. These shoes made in the USA, fit great and are very comfortable. I just hope that they will always be available. I always buy a couple of pair at a time, just in case they become available
Vice boots, quick shipping
Had a pair of these and they were awesome. Left them in the car one hot summer day and my size 12's now fit my 14 or old daughter.(Size 8 woman's). Very comfortable, but don't leave in your car on a hot day
They are comfortable, warm (with out socks too), prices unfordable, easy to get on. Met lots of complements. That more can I say but the best choice.
I play competitive football. I needed a new clear, and wanted something with excellent traction on wet/dry dirt/grass.

I found in this a very suppurative shoe. Great traction, great support.

I also found how badly my other shoes supported me. Usually the day after football was designate a recovery day because my ankles and lower back were so sore. Hearing these, I have no discomfort the next day.

One concern I had that came out ok: The weight of this shoe is 13 ounces... about two ounces heavier than my old shoe. But, I got used to wearing them (picking them up and putting them down) and there is no noticeable difference in my speed base running or in oatfield pursuits.

And, if you run in Mizuno shoes, you will find these as comfortable as those, just with clear-like traction
I stand on my feet all day. I am very pleased with this purchase. The comfort level is great.
His shoe looks better in person than indicated online.  I love these shoes they look absolutely fabulous on.  All of Parlor Montana's shoes are sex, stylish and accentuated your legs
The jersey of our #54 got here for my wife in time for Super Bowl and she was very happy.(With the jersey NOT Grossman
I purchased these scandals thinking they would be comfortable
and because they looked like they were made of leather.
They are more like a final material and are stiff and not
attractive.  They will be returned.
I bought this shirt as a gift for my husband, he LOVES it.  It's comfortable, fits well and looks new after multiple washing.  Long with my husband being happy I am VERY pleased with the service of Amazon.com.  I ordered one item from shop.com it took 20 more days then what they told me it would arrive and when I got the watch it wasn't the watch that I ordered......they don't even sell the watch they were advertising.  To top it off their customer service was not good, when I called amazon's customer service they were very helpful and nice! Therefore you can understand how much I appreciated that the MULTIPLE items I ordered from Amazon were delivered in a shorter time then estimated, the products were all GREAT and the service was great!
5 Stars. I Mean come on lighten up. By Grandfather has cancer and I don't Take this offensively. Because everyone has a Give Strong Bracelets and it gets annoying after a while To you get a live wrong bracelets to be different. Ouh
His is a nice looking wallet, but the internal design leaves something to be desired.

There is an internal flap used for credit cards, etc, that makes the wallet too thick - even if you don't fill it with cards.  I am tempted to cut it out (it is stitched to the inside) to make the wallet less cumbersome.

The credit card shots are also too tight - so you have to cry the cards in and out - and run the risk of cracking or splitting the cards.

There is a nice display for your license - with a small hole cut in it so that you can push the license out with your thumb when needed (it is also in a tight slot)
Stem received very quickly and exactly as advertised!  Excellent quality and extremely comfortable
Recently, I took a motorcycle trip from Atlanta, of to It. Lauderdale, of. Unfortunately, I didn't have the option of riding at night when it was cooper and with my thermometer on the bike showing between 100 and 110, it felt like riding through an oven with a hair dwyer set on high blowing in my face. I also didn't have the luxury of air conditioning so to simulate this so I would pour water on my t-shirt and let the wind cool it down. 

After getting home, I recalled seeing a demonstration of a cooling vest that you soaked in water for a couple of minutes then wore under a jacket, preferably mesh. I was amazed at how well it worked in the domo so I went online and ordered one.

The particular model I ordered from Amazon is the Deluge Evaporative Cooling West in black. It came about a week after I ordered it via USPS Priority Nail. They offer several style and colors, including some that have removable sleeves

The outer shell is quitted black non with 2 outside, slippered pockets and a nipper up the front. The neck has a velcro closure so it can fit snugly around your neck if you want. The inner line is blue and is 100% Salon Alan, a water repellent fabric, so it keeps you from getting all wet wearing it. But of the package, it weighs just a few ounces but when you put it in water, the special material, called Polymer Embedded Fabric (PEF), between the inner and outer shells absorb water and the vest ends up weighing about 2-3 les. You only need to soak it for about a minute. There are spade panel on either side that allow for some for expansion. I got the Large size and it fits great, not too tight, not too loose. 

Once the water is absorbed, the instructions (on the tag in the vest) say you can wring it out or use a towel to blot the inner line dry. Not being like a sponge, wringing it doesn't do a lot of good so I'd suggest blotting if you need to. While the inner line is water repellent, there might be some water on it right after you soak it so putting it on might get you a little wet but if you don't soak it too long, the inner line will be relatively dry. The material that holds the water doesn't expand like a sponge, it just holds lots of water...it's pretty interesting stuff.

The first thing you'll notice after a few seconds is that it's cool to the touch. The principle of it relief on the cooling properties of water as it evaporates and it really works. I haven't had a chance to ride with it in sweltering heat yet, but putting it on under my mesh jacket and riding without a windshield kept me nice and cool. I don't think I'd like to try it in anything less than about 65 de (F) because I'd probably freeze nor would I want to use it under a leather jacket unless there was some way for the jacket to let wind flow through it. The inner line stays pretty dry but you might get a little damp. The cooling effect will last several hours depending on how long you soak it and if you want to put things in the front pockets, they are lined with the same material as the inner line so they'll stay relatively dry. One thing I've found though, it'll take several days to completely dry out unless you ride with it. The water is very slow to elaborate but once it does, the weight goes back down to a few ounces.

Bottom line, I HIGHLY recommend getting one of these if you routine ride in hot weather. They're an expensive way to keep cool and they're stylish (except for the hi-vis lime green). Dear it under a mesh jacket and you won't know it's hot outside.
The only words that I can say are wonderful! The savings were great. I own several pairs of birkenstocks and they're not cheap, however they are quality shoes that last. You get what you pay for. Being a health acre provider these are the only shoes that I have found that last. Knowing that it prompted me to start wearing them for everyday wear also
I purchase these boots because of the color.  I have several pairs of brown leather boots (mostly dark brown) but the color of this pair is unique.  I get so many compliments on the boots mostly comments on the color.  The leather is so soft outside and inside.  I purchase the boots in a size smaller because they have a gap at the top of the boots which I didn't like. However, when I purchase the same boots in black I got them a size smaller to see if the gap was less noticeable and it was so I did the same with these
I get compliments for them all the time. They are comfortable, sturdy and good looking software. They were created as heat resistant hiding boots, but they are good general purpose shoes. Probably not the best things to wear in the rain, but they'd be great at Turning An.
I had no idea you could wear shoes so comfortable.  I am almost 50 and had never had that happened to me.
The top part of my feet is too high and my arches are too big.  Even though I tried to choose my shoes carefully, but most of the time there is a problem with them.  These shoes felt good from the get go and they are not a problem for my feet, which is incredible.  I feel like I am walking on air.  I need to buy more, I need to buy them all, because I think this is what I am going to wear for the rest of my life.  I also want to be buried in "cross"
They are room and comfortable and yet not loose.  They are extremely light, and I can wear them with the back strap or not.
Of you have feet like mine, you are probably going to love them
I have been looking for a pair of boots forever now, and could not find any: either the color want right or didn have my size or had an extra painless buckle...  When I finally saw these boots, fell in love at first sight.  But wouldn dare to buy because of the price.  I have been monitoring them for about 2.5 months and finally decided to get them.  Met me tell you guns:  THEY R AWESOME.  worth every single penny.  To glad I finally got them.  The size, express color, width, valve width, everything fit just perfect.  A+++++  A must have. Very cool and hip:
i recently purchase ''Letter Bottom Added Parties'...l was really disappointed.Like most women i always wish i had  a bigger and more curly bottom but was really disappointed when it arrived. the adding was made of cheap foam material and it was very visible under clothing even denis...ladies please dont waste your money. am really gutted because i bought some new trousers and i was hoping to wear the padded parties underneath it
By wife stopped around at Amazon looking for her grandmother's with b-day (coming up soon) and came across handmade having silk scarf.  Very silk scarf she came across she would say, "That a beautiful and gorgeous having silk scars they are."  Before she found Vietmade Silk Carts at Amazon, she had looked online stores at May's, Nordstorm, JcPennies, but couldn't really compare with the ones Vietmade made.  I agree with my wife when she said, "His place uses good quality silk materials and has a great prices!!"  When we got the scarf today 4/10/07 (ordered 4/4/07) and opened it to see what the silk scarf looked like in person .. my wife wished that she had ordered one for herself, one for my mother and one more for our sister in-law.  By wife and I definitely recommend this place and we'll buy a few more having silk scars in near future.  Also, delivery was on schedule, good packing and love the scars!
Those are adjective my son used when I asked him to describe these slippers.  I had bought my husband the men's version for Christmas, but he had not been able to wear them because my son wouldn't take them off.  I could not find any to fit my son, so I bought him a small size in the women's and he loves them.  He puts them on as soon as he comes home, sleeps in them, and only takes them off to put on his shoes for school in the morning.  He highly recommend these slippers!
The protective skin is perfect.  It fit over the device without any problem, and it has already provided good protection to the screen and body of my zen.  Is a comparison, my cell phone which I've carried in my pocket for the last two years looks like it's been run over by a car - I think with this skin the zen will hold up better.  The screen protector is a nice touch.

The armband is not something I use with a device this hetty.  The belt clip is suspect- it's too flies for me to use and feel confident with. But the skin allows me to put the zen right in my pocket without digging out a protective bag or other cover.  The skin alone is worth the cost
These are the most comfortable briefs I have ever worn.  They are worth every penny, in my opinion.  They are designed for a man, plus they seem to not gather moisture, as some fabric do
By husband absolutely loved the t-shirt. Buy Harvey has great designs. The items shipped quickly. He will be back to shop here again
I purchased these about 3 months ago.  They have very little arch support and very little other support elsewhere.  I have been wearing them perhaps 2-3 times a week to the office and home.  They are already lipping in the back.  
I wouldn't recommend them; however, I do get many compliments about how cut they are.
His is the most comfortable thing I've bought so far and the semi-transparent pouch is room enough to keep everything where it belongs
His is the shoe I have been searching for all my life.  Beautiful and comfort like a house shoe.  I am on my feet clot traveling and speaking and this shoe always looks class, feels comfortable allowing me to focus on my speech not my ache feet.  I liked them so much I purchased them in 6 colors and even got 2 pair of black leather in case they wear out and I can find them again.
this is the best fitting bar I've ever bought. Very comfortable and great quality
this is a well worth purchase that i've made from amazon.  It is well fitted and it's so comfortable.  Skechers doesn't seem to fail me
His outfit was absolutely adorable. I bought a nine month for my 6 month old grandson and it was a little tight. I would buy the next size up because it runs a little small.
It's a very nice top. I had a great surprise..
I purchased this as a gift for a teenager.  The told me that it is difficult to zip as the fabric gets stuck in the nipper.  It is being returned
Great shoe.  Would be nice if it had a padded tongue. Some difficulty untiring because top string buckles that are difficult to work with.
the only thing missing is a coin purse.   :
I have had this boot for 5-6 years wearing them almost everyday for the past 3 and I still have them and wear them daily without replacing anything not even a foot bed insert.  That a great boot they need to be worked in a little and at first I didn like them that much but after I worked them in Now.  I am getting ready to buy a new boot and I believe that I will buy a new pair of these ones.  I used them for everything from conservation work, backpacking, work, and hunting.
these gloves are really nice quality, very soft both inside and out.  The swede is smooth and pliable and the healing is not too fluffy inside but definitely enough to keep your hands warm and it feels so nice to put your hands in these.  I had a problem firing out size so if it is any help, my husband tried them on and he is 5'9 and wears a size large in clothing.  I would say his hands are medium in size, a bit wide but average length of fingers and the medium glove fit perfectly.  I hope that helps someone who is having trouble deciding on size, for me that was the hard part. The gloves came ragged with an Amazon hang tag listing the regular price as $79.99 so I am not sure where the price they show comes from but still a great deal.  An't comment on how warm they are since we live in Texas and these are for my father-in-law, who lives in a cold weather state, for next Christmas
It's so nice to not have to drive all over town looking for something, to find exactly what you want, and at a bargain price! Super service and what a deal
His is a really comfortable shoe.  I would defiantly recommend it to anyone who needs to look professional while walking a lot.  I have to walk outside, up and down hills and this shoe feels like a speaker.  The heel is not too high and it has great cushion.  I have been wearing it for a couple of months and it still is in great shape.  Great buy
I just received this item and now I have to figure out how to return it. His clock is a piece of trash.  I never could set it correctly. Each time  I set the time it would advance the day when going to the normal function mode. The setting button are not protected or disabled when the clock is closed.  Even it it worked properly it is very difficult to set.
Of you buy this clock you will regret it
By sister is crazy about flaming. The lives in Idaho but still displays flaming all over her property and home--tastefully. That better gift for a flaming lover
I love these shoes!! They are so comfortable and go with practically anything. The are so cut I want to buy every color available
By husband loved his slippers and says they are the best ones he has ever had!  Good quality, nice looking
These work great - but its important to know that these are adjustable! It doesn't say so on the box, so when I first got them I thought they were way too small for adult heads and I was quite annoyed - however, you can adjust them once you put them on, just pull very slightly and they will adjust to make them fit perfectly
Extremely comfortable & soft - I bought three different bands online & this was by far the best.  Ended up buying two more
after all these years buying this wrangled product this by far has been the cheaper price that i've ran across. i love it.
sent these to my son in michigan, and he has not had a chance to wear them a lot, but he likes them very much
Is you can see from the picture. Father than just having a disguised opening these are truly crotchless. Such the same as an open bar all you have down there is exposed all of the time. Not only does this look user sex for your man. It also feels great, the first time you feel the breeze under your skirt you feel naked. Obviously, the only person who knows is you. Takes me feel of sex! By only complaint would be that I now seem to be in a constant state of carousal, found myself driving home the other night absent mindedly slipping my hand up my skirt and having a little rub.  Thank heavens for leather seats
I bought this because it says the material would last longer than the non swim suits. Its less stretch but okay for lap swim
Like the design and the color, but didn't like the t-shirt style.  It is too wide, like an old fashioned kind of shirt.  Doesn't fit at all
These clots almost did not get to me due to confusing cracking information.  I was so glad that they did arrive and they were truly very comfortable and well made.  However, the leather was kind of stiff that's why I only put a 4 stars.  Overall, I'm happy with them and Larks shoes always fit me very well
His is a beautiful skirt. It's fully lined and the quality is excellent. I find that it runs true to size -- I wear a size 8 and I have room to spare with this skirt. There is also some elastic on the sides, so there is room to breathe. I think it's a great buy
Shoes are cut. I expected a pushed velvet, but they are nice anyway.
Arm and comfortable.  That else would you want from a sock
By boy could not have been happier, and Santa sure got a 5-star rating this past Christmas for having thought of these speakers he "hadn't even asked for!!!"  Only place he doesn't wear them is to bed, which doesn't mean he hasn't tried
I ended up having to return the Cargo Wants to exchange them for a larger size.  I used the accompanying instructions and form, returned them on time to the company of origin, but have no parts now after quite a few weeks.  Would someone at Amazon help me?
Some sex tight men low rise jeans !! Last shipping !! Great low price !! I'm getting more of the same jeans !
His wallet is so big for passport and don`t fit my documents from Brazil.
Maybe is good for another country`s document
Of you have a rough time buying shoes because you have a narrow foot, then the New Balance brand is for you.  It is one of the few available which goes beyond just the Large / medium and narrow labels and actually will go to the letter width.  Great shoe, long lasting and very competitive price.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that they stop at "b" and don't go to "of
I bought this bar for skin, and it works great even on mostly steep slopes. I had a comment to the woman "blessed with abundance": go check out the level 4 impact bar by the same company - it comes in large sizes like 40DD. I'm sure it's as good or better than this one. Cheers
By 11 year old wanted these shoes. All her friends at school thought they were so command want a pair. Plus they slip on and off so quick and are great for of and the palyground. I would buy these shoes again, without a doubt. Beds makes a wonderful product and I think she'll out grow them before they even think about wearing out. Great value for the money.
I bought the sand color Bearpaws and LOVE THEM! I would recommend you buy a 1/2 size smaller because they do stretch a bit.  I'm a college student and being comfortable is key...these do the job!  I'm sad spring is coming because then I won't be able to wear them that much
His wallet arrived very quickly. It is lovely, soft leather. I like the fact that it is slippered on three sides, keeps everything in the wallet. I am female, and while wallet are traditionally a male style, I wanted something that wasn't just a coin purse or a typical woman's purse - you know, with the clasp pouch for coins and divides etc, b/c I find those very cumbersome. His is compact, light, it has plenty of pockets, shots and divides inside - that zip again comes in handy if you fill up all the spaces inside it ensures you won't lose anything.
I gave it four stars instead of five just b/c the coin pocket (while strategically placed and pleadingly compact) is a little hard to get your fingers in to put coins in and take them out quickly, it's kind of tight. Also, the center divided (for your pictures or drivers license etc.) sometimes gets in the way when you want to zip the wallet up - like if you are in a hurry to get out of the line at Starbucks and you are struggling to shove your change in the little slot and zip it up!
But this really is a great purse/wallet. I love it and the soft leather, which the interior of the wallet is also made of - it's not just a cheap fabric filler inside, looks and feels really nice
I have been wearing sheepskin boots for a few years now. I have Eggs (made in China) and another pair that were made in Australia and these Arbat boots are by far the most comfortable and best looking in my opinion.(It seems all the good shoes are made in China now). I love that they include a bottle of protection and the fit is perfect. By other boots have stretched over time and this company includes extra involves that can be put under the lining if they get loose. I'm sure I will need to use them because I have worn them every day since they came to my door!! Great grip in the snowy weather that has finally hit the ground here.  I LOVE these boots!
Arrived as promised before Christmas even though it was ordered at the last minute
of HUSBAND ALWAYS WEARS THESE SOCKS AND THEY NOT ONLY LAST A LONG TIME BUT THEY NEVER STRETCH OUT.of SAYS THEY ARE COMFORTABLE ALL DAY. WHEN YOU SEE A GOOD SALE BUY THEM. THIS LAST TIME FROM AMAZON THEY WERE NOT ONLY of SALE BUT WITH FREE SHIPPING AND of TAX of WAS SURELY THE RIGHT PRICE
I'm hard to fit and shopping for something delicate and pretty can prove difficult.  When this came in the mail, I took one look at it and fell in love!  It's so pretty on, I may buy the black one too!  Very without pushing the line of taste.  North it, worth it, WORTH of
I hate long socks and smell shoes so I've become a big fan of shoe liners.  I recently ordered a set of these and am very happy with them.  They are each individually prices at $5.99.  To for 6 pairs you'd pay $36 retail.  To this is a good deal at $4/pair.

More importantly, they are heavy-weight cotton with no undermine seat.  They have elastic all around the opening and actually stay on your feet.  They are cut generously -- By feet are about size 8 and they are a little big, but manageable.  Of you have smaller feet I'd try to get a different size than M/L.  They do ride a bit higher on the foot than some of the others -- they are fine with loafer, but a lower cut shoe could be problematical.

I've tried a lot of these socks:  Calvin Vein, Ralph Aren, Donna Ran, Beds, Eggs, et al.  These are by far the best.
First, order a size larger than you usually get, they seem to run small. I love the sleeve length on these and the fit and feel of the fabric. The cut is very flattering. I am going to buy more of these. You can't beat the price
The short I purchased were very light weight was was an excellent quality considering the heat. These short come in even sizes up to 42'. These short have elastic on each side which lets the short expand during the day, particularly when you are working and your pockets get full or your work belt gets added weight.

These short were the most excellent buy of this type that I have ever made
I really like these particular bedroom slippers because they cover your entire foot. By feet stay cold year-round, so I wear bedroom slippers all the time. The slippers are very soft, nice to walk around the house in and I plan to buy more like these. I recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable shoe at a good price
I had first heard of International Pale through my father. He is a businessman, who, like others like him, have to elevate appearances to a more important level than some. He had just gotten back from a trip to Europe and picked up one of these coats at a finer shop in Stockholm. Three months later I off on foreign exchange to Sake, Japan, and purchased the same design for myself for the winter. It really is an example of how Lucifer is in the details of things. It worked really well not only as a warm piece of beautiful clothing but also as a statement of sophistication. Of you must make appearances, not too much better of a way than this
I've had this briefcase for about a month now. It's held up perfectly so far. The closure mechanism are not buckles, but clips behind the buckles. It's been room enough to put a palm pilot, pens, and multiple files with papers. The leather looks great and it's very light. The shoulder strap is also comfortable. Assuming it continues to hold up for a reasonable length of time, I'd buy this product again. One note: Of you are looking to store a lawton in this briefcase, I'd think twice. It's not as large as most lawton briefcases and definitely does not have adequate adding in my opinion. But for carrying documents, books and other items, it has met all my expectations
His bag meets all of my needs that I purchased it for; as a day tripped with my child. I purchased this bag to use to carry papers, an epi-pen, wallet, hand sanitizer, etc in it and all of it fits plus more. His is one of the best purchases I have made in a really long time
His is a good-looking jersey, and you can wear it with pride, since Yes Less clearly played the best football in the tournament
His is one cut sex mind and is great for showing off your legs.  Like the picture, it's really sex when  worn with a see-through top, or even no top ;-)  I have tried both when wearing this skirt and can touch for the admiring looks.  Met one, you know you want it
The cost was great with lots of detail. Our 8-year old grandson loved it and has worn it to play in besides for Halloween
The rubberized case for the Anna fits extremely well and protects the unit quite well.  The belt clip works well.  The arm band has not been used as yet
very cut that i own two pairs!  they require a little breaking in but then they're good to go... good for work or play
I bought this dress for a trip I'm taking in one week. Should've known better. You get what you pay for, that's for sure. His dress arrived called up in a USPS bag. It didn't look anything like the picture shown on this site, more like a slip, than a slip dress. And here's the kicked - it was RIPPED! Had two large "says" on the back of the dress. I'm sending it back and they BETTER not try to charge me shipping. I'm of'd to the max and who knows if I'll find a dress in time. Rrrr
These are good quality as the waistband has three lines of stitching to the body of the short rather than the more usual two.  The grey elastic waistband stretches to about 140% of its normal size and although it isn't as wide (tall) as the one found on men's short, it is thicker.  The leg openings are reinforced with double stitching.  Your little boy will out grow these before he wears them out
those are a good shoes, but the delivery provide service is the worst, i buy the shoes did 15-06 in expedite service 1-3 days and i receive the shoes 21  4 days more than usually delivery day, i pay 12 more dollars for expedite and theirs give it to me like regular mail, bad deal to me
I have been wearing Kayanos for several years. I like New Balance 999's almost as well. There's just something about El Kayanos that really "fits" my foot type and running style. Now, it's the only running shoe I buy.
These are my 15 year old son's favorite jeans.  The only problem is that they only lasted 6 months.  The material has not held up well, and has developed holes by the back pocket(typical but a little early) and another by the fly(just kind of fell apart).  I would prefer he would try something else, but he truly loves these parts and is willing to pay for them himself, which I guess says something
great legwarmers!  they're perfect and they arrived before i expected them to!  :
These were ordered for my son for regular shedding and tuning activities. He thinks they are warm and comfortable - not stiff like similar snow parts from other manufacturers.  They are a great value
I bought Silver & Black to wear at wedding. These wraps are great and very elegant. They're light and soft, just as described. They also make great scarves
I LOVE THE FLEECE JACKET--GOOD QUALITY AND FITS WELL.IAM GOING of of GIVING ONE EACH of of CHILDREN FOR CHRISTMAS AND WILL of ORDERING AGAIN SOON
The L.B. Evans men's deer slippers I ordered as a Christmas gift arrived in a remarkable three days! The recipient found them both comfortable and luxurious, remarking that they looked nice enough to wear to town
Arm, comfortable, cheap, effective.  In excellent buy, plus it doesn't make you look like you're donna rob the place when walking into the store unlike some other slaves (as it's comfortable enough to forget you're wearing it.
The sweeter is the usual high quality associated with Began.  However, the material is so thin, it cling to my body.  It was probably due to this undesirable feature, that the garment had been dismounted so greatly.  However, I knew that possibility existed, when I saw the sweeter on your webster.

I initially planned to return the purchase, but later changed my mind.  When worn with a jacket, the effect is good
These boxers really are better than wearing nothing at all!! The spade stretch is enough to act as a waistband without the nuisance of elastic. They are semi-sheer but not enough to reveal much
I am very pleased with the soft briefcase I purchased.  It is so much easier to handle than a hard one.   I would purchase another item from the same manufacture if I need something else
His is my second Speed suit.  Obviously I liked the first one so much that I bought this second one.  His suit is similar to my first one in that it has the full lining.  His is especially nice when it gets toward the end of the lifespan of the suit and the material gets thin.

By last suit lasted about 1 year and about 52 hours of swimming.  Not as long as polyester suits, but I like the lavra suits
I ordered these because they looked like very cut ballet flat type of shoes, and they had good reviews here and elsewhere. When I got mine... they fit horribly. Uncomfortable to say the least... I had the Return label printed, the shoes removed and back in the mail within 20 minutes of getting the box open. Its too bad that they didn't fit me, because I really like the design.
I bought Grown Furnished color of this variety. After I got them, I tried them on and these are, simply, fantastic. I liked the way they fit onto my feet. By feet are wide and hence I had ordered a wider version of these. They give you a very comfortable and stable feel when you have them on and walk around. The sole looks very sturdy and unable. Does not said over wet surfaces
Am I the only one sick and tired of this t-shirt???? Give it a rest already!! I can't brows without seeing it, the dead horse is beaten to oblivion!!
His is by far, the worst product you could ever purchase for your very expensive MP3 player.  I had purchased this item after trying out one of the silcone skins that gripped apart after about 3 months of use.  I use my MP3 player when I go running and so I need an armband product that can withstand the elements and my running.  

After using this product only 3 times, it began to fall apart as follows:

1.  The protective screen cover is nothing but a limply piece of plastic that is glued to the case.  It basically falls apart when you try and squeeze your vision M into the case. 
2.  There are these oddly placed velcro dots on the armband that are used to secure it after you wrap it around your arm.  The huge design flaw is that the dots needs to line up on top of one another in order to be secure.  To, if you arm is an odd sign you end up having to make it tighter in order to align the dots.  Of you're in the market for a tourniquet, then you should buy this product. 
3.  Of you sweat at least a drop while you exercise or run (if you don't then you're not really exercising), the velcro dots lose their stick-up.  I discovered that the fully part of the velcro was glued onto the armband.  Is it heat up from your body temperature rising, it literally melts and causes the dots to fall off.  It was because of this that my MP3 player almost flew off my arm and onto the cement.  

To, if you are looking to shatter your MP3 player, then buy this fifty product.  I think that my son (age 4) could've designed a better arm band holder in his pre-school class.
By baby is large for her age and wears 6-9 month sized clothes even though she is only 3 months old.  I ordered two of these hats sized 6-12 months.  They are way too big for my baby but will probably fit her when she is actually 6 months. Oats are made of t-shirt fabric and look just like the picture. You do have to tie your own knot on the top. Andrew Christian sent each hat in a separate envelope and they arrived on different days, but within the shipping time specified
I have been wearing Like Swimmer/ Longer supporters everyday now for the past 4 years. They are extremely comfortable and unable. They are also well worth the money. They are the only underwear I will ever use
These boots were the worst ever!  They were grossly missed and not as depicted.  The back of the boot had a tape with embroidery up it that was mysteriously not pictured when ordering. When returned, the company refused to reimbursed shipping even though they acknowledged that this was deceiving. Never again
There's one major flaw with Bostonian square toes - I have three pair so trust me when I say this: you can't find insects/involves for them. The shoot fits snugly and comfortably, the backs don't wear out and cause pain to your heels, but the sole goes flat in less than a year and you'll be donations the shoes as there's no way to find square-toe insects; Bostonian says they neither make nor can suggest where to find square toe insects.
I bought this shirt for my granddaughter who is on the middle school dance team.  The loves the message on it
These products are worth every penny, well made, delicious comfortable, easily wandered. They iron well and keep their shape. They last for years and there is just something so comforting old fashioned about this brand and it's reliability
I had a pair of these as a kid and never forgot how comfortable and fun they were. But those weren't Larks!  Very happy with this purchase
I bought this long sleeve on sale at Pacsun and went back and bought all the colors!  I love the way this fits!  Form fitting but length of sleeves and waist long.
The shoes look and wear great.  However, the leather is pretty weak.  I think I must have kicked a table leg or something on my first outing in them.  Now the tip of my left shoe has a quarter-size stuff on it.  I will have to try to cover it up by boiling it.  Obviously I don't think this pair will last long at all
Of you have the body to show for it, by all means wear it alone
By 21 month old twins LOVE their new boots.  They bring them to me to put them on them all the time.  they have wide feet and they have no problem getting into these.  They walk great in them and don't need socks.  The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is the soft bottom.  Of they had the hard bottom they would get more outdoor use, but with the soft bottom they can only walk to and from the car.  They also look ADORABLE.  It $39 a pair they were worth every penny
When I ordered this short the description didn't say that it was a child size.  To I complained to the site that I bought it from.  I asked that my shipping also be returned because they didn't specify that this was a child size.  I wasted my money on shipping for an item I wouldn't have ordered if I had known it wasn't an adult sized item.  They didn't return my shipping
I bought this dress for my winter formal dance. It was cut and I liked wearing it. By only complaint would be that the size chart was pretty off and I bought a dress that was too big. Other than that, it was a well made and constructed dress. Enjoy
Highly recommend shoe, BUT you might need a larger size than usual. I wear Easy Spirit 7 1/2 W but found this shoe too snug in both width and length, and had to return
His is the real thing.  Not only is it light and easy to wash, it holds your package in place like a lock is supposed to.  His is a real man's lock strap
I brought this cheap as a novelty tie, but I was surprised at the quality of the product. The contrast of the colors is clear and the material doesn't feel cheap. I would definitely recommend the product.
After running with Like, Sick and Balcony, I have to say that New Balance 991 kicks all of them out of the ballpark!  After 7-8 miles you still feel like you're running on a cloud!  I have a very high arch and these shoes are simply snatched in support and comfort.  Plus, they're made in USA!
By mon wears this bar and told me to try it. I'm really glad I did. "The girls" have been getting bigger and bigger over the years, and this bar really makes them look smaller. I highly recommend it. But make sure you get the right size - the material is not flexible (of course, or else it couldn't hold you in) so if it is even a bit too small it's quite uncomfortable
I love this jacket! I bought the crimson color and have received a ton of compliments!  Only wish I had ordered more at the $19.90 price.
I've loved wearing the two pairs of these scandals that I have, and they've held up really well.  The an ones have been fine, but the blue-dyed ones got wet once, and they stained my feet blue quite badly.  It was very hard to remove, and I went around with very odd-looking feet for quite a while.  I'd like to buy more because they adjust to fit my narrow feet, but I'm afraid the black ones will stain my feet black if I get caught in the rain
Within two hours of receiving my complaint the seller refused my money, without requiring that I ship the product back.  For that I am thankful and appreciative, and can recommend the seller. I have no idea what was up with the product.

Is I noted earlier, I just received this product and it has the overwhelming smell of petroleum, literally like the smell that comes from an oil truck delivering fuel oil to your home.  I bought this for a child and would never dream of giving it to them.  I am contracting the seller to request a refund.  Of I succeed I will note that in the review and increase the star rating
Very time I wear these I get compliments on them and people ask where they can find them. The quality is very good as with any columbia shoes/boots I've had. I wear them for a full day and my feet still feel good by the end of the day. To complaints and if they came in different colors, I'd by more
I gave this as a gift to somebody and it is excellent quality but its just not as cool as the same product by Under Armour
That a waste of money. I bought this for my wife and there is nothing good to say about it. It's so big that she has to hold it up to keep the string touching her body. The "bubbles" get stuck between the cheeks, and she says it does absolutely nothing for her where it's supposed to. The said that it was actually irritating to wear. On't waste your money on this
I ordered the 10 multi-color set and got a total of 14 scarves-12 dispose (6 black, 6 colors) and 2 chiffon scarves..great value, and they made great Christmas gifts
I got so many compliments on these shoes the first time I wore them to work. They are very pretty and reply looking. I wore them with slack and a watching cable knit sweeter. The green is very bright, so they don't match everything, but it's a standout accessory. More them without socks and had no blisters
I own these Barricade of in size 11 men.  I could never wear Adidas court shoes before because they were all too narrow for my rather flat and wide feet, and because their soles always seem underpadded/rigid/stiff. The Barricade of are wider in the sole and surprisingly fit my feet perfectly. I play USTA 5.0 tennis 3 times/week and the shoes take quite a founding yet are firm enough to give my feet cushioned support without a floppy fit. These shoes in this black-white-red combination are highly flash and I've noticed people staring at them at the tennis courts -- guess you better bring a "game" to match wearing such high flash shoes. Also, they are the only $100 tennis shoes I've ever owned. Always wore Prince Screams and K-Swiss Acsendors because they are wider and run in the $60-$70 range. A very well-designed and beautiful shoe but you pay big bucks for it
I bought these shoes and wore them to my first fitting.  By the end of my fitting, my feet were throbbing, red, and pinched.  Literally, my pink toe was purple.  

I bought my true size, but I still don't think these shoes would've been bearable even with a size larger.  They must just be REALLY narrow
When I received these boots I was totally pleased with their appearance.  They are the exact boots I've always wanted.  True to size and very sleek looking.  Would recommend to anyone
I bought this shoes for my husband and he said that is like walked in a BMW shoes.  Very comfortable and soft.   Excellent for every day work office
I have these shoes....also in black, pink, and white. I found them to be really comfortable...I have a narrow foot and they fit me fine.  They tend to be a little stiff when you first get them, but once you break them in you can't live without them.
I really like these boots and receive many compliments when I wear them.  They are of good quality.  I'm pleased with this purchase
Not only are these shoes great looking on...they are extremely comfortable.  I went back and bought two additional pairs in different colors
His shirt is a dresser than the usual shirt jacket or big shirt.  It is united, has a bit of stretch for comfort, and is just slightly fitted to prevent that big blow hopelessness of some other courduroy shirts. I think it runs true to size and matches the color on-screen. I bought this as a gift for a friend who likes the comfort of big shirts in the winter, and maybe she can have that comfort even at work with this shirt. It was almost thirteen dollars then, but I have seen it for less than ten which would be a really good deal
These are extremely comfortable and great looking.  They don't leave much to the imagination, though, especially when wet.  I wouldn't recommend them if you're more of the shy type.  But if you're the type who likes the attention, these are for you
I purchased this gown as a gift. By daughter-in-law was thrilled with the quality and fit
That a great jacket this is (I've got it in stone): Simple, casually elegant (I guess that also depends on who wears it...), seems stain-resistant (I have received many visits from dirty, muddy tiny shoes and nothing shows!), and absolutely water-resistant (I clumsily sprayed myself with water while handling the garden those and nothing went through, it dried up quite quickly). Sure, I could have used an extra-pocket inside, but hey, for 40 bucks..
It's a great product and works marvelously to help your clothing stay together. His is the and roll I buy. I use it to keep the space between the buttons closed
I have worn this several times (sans bar) and find the fit, support, and comfort to be terrific. Surprisingly, without underwires (which I usually wear) or other heavy structuring, it manages to lift and hold - and I'm a b-cup. I only wish there were more colors
Great item, soft and comfortable, but lose support around legs. Stretches out, not a major concern but could be improved
The leather is not premium (and should not be for this price), but the wallet does hold great number of cards in pretty compact size package. Of you are like me - have to carry tons of cards and hate thickness of other wallet, and also like to see all cards without pulling them out then this is the way to go. The only drawback - business cards do not fit plastic insects, so the only place you can have them is in the leather pocket on inside part of the cover. Of you have to carry a lot of business cards that wont work for you. But for me it's not big deal as long as I can have 3 of them and they are not getting dirty. Overall I'm satisfied and definitely recommend this product
When I first saw the dress, it was $18, then the next day it was $22. They would not sell it to me for $18, lady on the phone said it might even go up higher. I bought the red & the blue. When, a week later, they went BACK DOWN to $18 before I received the dresses. 

The dresses do NOT look like the picture on the site. 
The dress is longer than on the site. The site shows it above the knee's, the two I received, are below the knee, almost mid-calf...& I'm 5'9. 

It is a "halted" top. In the site, I think they just rested the straps over her shoulders & did not tie behind her next. ALSO, I knew the dress was cotton, NOT T-SHIRT cotton undress. 

Now, I have two dresses that I'm not really happy w/. I haven't had time to return them. I bought them looking for a undress to wear out & about...this, I would probably only wear as a beach cover up or to the pool. Haven't decided. 

Once I get around to getting to a post office, I plan on returning them. I keep trying them on, thinking, "K, it's only $20, I should keep them." But I most probably would NOT have bought them if I tried them on in the store. 
They would look cut if they were shorter, but that is more money that I would have to spend to shorten the dress. To is it really worth it??? 
Haven't decided yet. The fact I can't decided what to do w/ them, makes me believe I need to return them. Of I loved them, I would have already worn them, but I haven't. 

The ONLY nice thing I can say, is the pattern & colors (both the red & the blue) are really pretty. I would be happy if the dresses were above the knee, & NOT T-Shirt Cotton.  

Very Disappointed.
His shirt is so funny. I actually want to buy it, which is rare since I normally silkscreen all my shirts. For anyone who is sick of all the davinci hope(like me), thinks all those "creaking the davinci code" authors who should write there own damn book(like me) or just want a shirt with a told on mon lisa's face(not like me, but to each there own.) His shirt would be perfect. I would buy it myself, but there out of small's.
It's comfortable and sex. I also use it as a night (to sleep in) and not as a slip under clothes.
The parts seem to be good quality, fit well, comfortable, easy to wash, unable, reasonably prices.  He are very satisfied with this purchase
By baby pulls off any shoes and socks that may be put on his feet. These stay on better than most. He got the 3 pairs in blue, yellow, and green. The "non-slip" part  has cut printing on the bottom of the feet.  Overall these  socks are nice, nice, and nice, and the price is reasonable.
Mesh short aren't usually that shiny, but these are.  The tissue is very light by which it can be room (lot of tissue) but still keep a nice form.

The pockets are small, but one could not expect more when the tissue is that light.

Delivery was in a week (for Europe), I could not expect better
These parts combine beautifully with other items from this vendor for adorable outfits.  I combined these with the pink bubble shirt for a fun time to take this little doll from summer into fall.  The clothes are well made, wash like a dream, and don't fade with color safe detergent.

His vendor will call you to verify your order if they have any problems. They will assist you through other selections and shipping option.

Excellent
Of you wear a B width shoe, you will likely find this is too narrow for you. It's more like a narrow width boot
To complaints for this gift.  They get worn a lot and so need to be replaced occasionally
By daughter got this set for Master last year and just adores it, esp. the umbrella which she uses any possible time she can.  I wouldn't say it's cheaply made but it's just not as well made as the raincoat.  The little "button" on top to finish popped off within a month and can't really be glued back on.  It doesn't affect the umbrella's use but it's just one of those annoying things
The product was as advertised and delivered on time
It's not the best I've had but it's good.  I wouldn't call it a "front pocket wallet".  It feels a bit bulky
His bag is simply amazing!  I go to the grm 4 times per week and often go directly from work so I needed a bag that would hold everything I needed to lookout and clean-up afterwards.  The Go Pocket Bag does it all:  it's got a special compartment for my grm shoes and a shelf to separate them from my towel and lookout gear.  It fits perfectly in just about any grm's locked (I go to Ally's) and with its front-opening door, you can access everything you need while your bag is of the locked! I love the fact that it comes with container for my toiletries (shampoo, conditioned, soap) and also with a comb, brush, and mirror. To top it off, it's light-weight, sturdy, and even comes with a built-in vent so that your wet/sweat clothes don't get too ripe! LOL! : )  I couldn't be happier with my purchase!  GET THIS BAG!! You won't be disappointed
I bought this as a Christmas gift and my sister-in-law and she loved it
THIS BRA of BINDING, STIFF AND RESEMBLES SOMETHING THAT ATILLA THE HUN WOULD DESIGN.  I of OFFENDED of A WOMAN THAT of FEEL THE NEED of CONTORT OURSELVES INTO A FAKE FORM.  WHAT of WRONG WITH OUR BODIES THAT of NEED THIS CONTRAPTION of MODIFY OUR TRUE SHAPE?
By husband got me these for christmas, and they are great.  It's cold up here and I can wear these outside on the snow for a few minutes and my feet stay warm.  The bottoms are tough and I can tell that they will last at least two or three seasons
SELLERS HAVE THEM of EBAY--of CHECK of OUT of YOU CAN'T FIND THEM ONLINE
The boots were a Christmas gift for my Sister and she loves them - the color, the style and they are comfortable,too!  I was pleased with the entire transaction. I think I need to get a pair of these boots
His was purchased as a gift for one of our grandson's - he was very happy with it. Cried right
These boots/slippers are terrible.  They don't EVER stay on, there's no anti-said on the bottom and are cheaply made.  I would give these 0 stars if I could, it was a complete waste of money- don't bother getting these regardless of how expensive they are
I have many pairs of Larks clots, many needing replacement now after see'l yes wear.  I have purchased a few pairs recently and do not find them as well made/ comfortable as my original pairs of 3-5 yes ago. I wonder if they changed their fit/ style/ manufacturing. I still wear them as they are better than other bands, so far.  Overall, love Larks. Am recently disappointed
The shoes are comfortable. Easy to wear and feel great with or without socks!
Guns true to size--easy to layer.  Neck is easy to get over big toller heads!  One of the few shirts my child will willingly put on by himself.  Doesn't shrink out of size.  By only minor frustration:  doesn't seem to come in many colors or style (wish they had stripes, or contrasting neck/cuffs??)
These were a gift to my son who has difficulty finding comfortable shoes in large sizes. He finds these to be unable, comfortable,a good fit, and nice looking. Highly recommend Clark's Grand Shoes
Extremely disappointed in this bag.  It wasn't even heavily loaded, just some holders with papers, keys, phone, make up, wallet.  In the very first use the strap broke before I even got home.  Also, the stitching is coming loose.  Also the strap is not leather.  A big waste of money.
It's thin, so you can wear something over it.  And it helps keep the chill out.

I wear it cycling and going
Its perfectly and the hold lasts all day (doesn't loose up). Wouldn't recommend sleeping with this bar on
He received our order quickly and it was fine.  The only concern has been that we had to return it because of duplicate gift.  He are STILL waiting to hear that the return was received and that our account is being created.
Otherwise the merchandise itself was great
These socks are wonderful for children with sensitive feet.  By son loves them and he won't wear anything else now.
It this price I thought they might be seconds, but these are very nice quality parties.  And the store selling them were very prompt and nice to deal with.  By girl was very happy with them
By husband loves the speed suit.  Is a family of Speed users, he tried this as a new item and really likes it
Super come pus. I know these are supposed to fit snugly, but if you want them to fit a while maybe buy a size larger. Also, just a little bit more girl looking than I expected but still very nice
I didn't actually buy these socks because there was no way to select the size.  The only "size" shown was simply "over the calf", which to me isn't a size at all -- it's a length.  Since feet and calves grow to all different lengths and thicknesses, one would have to be pretty foolish to order a sock with no indication of size.  Hence only one star and no sale!  Letter luck next time, Os A Ranks
O acabamento do produce raramente  encontrado no Trail, beside as costumes, qualidade do tornado e detached references to time.
Is materials usados na confeco tambov so de boa qualidade.
O model se encaixa be na camera e  recomendado para que no costa do models "Pucker", angeles com a french enforce
I am a chiropractic assistant and on my feet clot,I wear these shoes to work and my feet do not hurt at the end of the work day !
Very comfortable shoe.  True to size.  Order was received very quickly and I was very satisfied.  Wish they would have had my size in black as well.
For the money, the package containing two locking/charge multipurpose tables, of and car charge adapted, and the silicone skin case was a great deal!  Overall this was a great buy for me.  The only criticisms I can make are (1) the skin was a bit thicker than I had envisioned.  However, the slightly thicker form factor my Men Vision M with the skin is balanced by the added drop protection.  And (2) the skin covers the lighted blue buttons giving the whole player a slightly less cool appearance.  Having said that, I'd gladly make this purchase again given the opportunity
Easy to slip on and secure on my arm and very comfortable during workouts or a run
I purchased the 0-3 months for my newton. They fit him perfectly. He weighed 8 les. 6 oz. The parts are soft and match the enemies I bought for him too. It's hard to find this color of green
Very comfortable shirt with lots of stretch, but still looks good.
I like them because you don't have to take them off climbing aboard your boat. I lost my long find because I had to take them off first, when I tossed them on board they fell in the sea, I could not retrieve them fast enough. With Speed, I find everything comfortable, easy to handle, and giving my legs a much better lookout
His shirt was larger than I expected.  I got a x because i'm a 12-14, but it was way too big.  Also the pink was a lot brighter than pictured
He purchased three of the stretched looted panama's from Children's Place.  His one was very slim and we were only able to get it on my daughter once.  I know these are supposed to fit snugly, but you have to be able to get the nipper up.  He have been able to wear the other two we purchased, but not this one.  He wore it once and then it went straight into the storage pile.  I washed all three in the same settings so not sure why this one was so different
His is the most amazing staples bar that I have ever had. It actually stays in place. I am wearing it as a regular bar, which I would never have even thought of doing in the past. It also doesn't make me look flat, which is also amazing. It looks like a normal bar under clothes. 

I can't say enough wonderful things about this bar. And it fits true to size. You have to try it!
These socks are amazing! They go way up to your knee, are fitted all over, stay up without squeezing too much - I've been looking for socks like this for a long time
I love these scandals!!  They are so comfortable.  To rubbing or irritation, even the first time I wore them! I usually buy the cheap lip flaps, but these were definitely worth the money!
I got exactly what I ordered, in good condition and pretty fast considering it was December!  Thanks for a great way to shop
These shoes are very comfortable.  The only problem is that now I don't want to wear anything else
I liked the liveliness that the merchandise arrived. They fit my husband's feet well and he likes them. The only down side is that when he tried to tighten them the leather lace broke and so now we have to try to find something like it to fix the lace.
These are the best knee socks I've ever owned.  Wish I had
ordered 6 pairs instead of just 3!!
By wife is using  Most Delivery Girdle Felt - Paternity Felt - Most Fatal and she likes it
The shirt had a small hole in it when it arrive
Prompt Shipment on this item - but had issue with the and item ordered
These Tommy espadrilles are the chest shoes I bought all summer.  I get so many compliments on them.  They go with everything.  You can't go wrong with them.  I am between size 6 & 6.5 and I ordered 6.5 and they fit perfect
Ought these for my son.  He is so glad to have some of's that don't have Sponge Mob on them--oh, he loved Sponge Mob but is 12 now and wants to grow up.  He actually told me he loves the 'feel' of the cloth
I discovered Hue's some time ago and was so thrilled to find them
on Amazon.com.   His is a great product for anyone with neuropathic
or diabetes.  They are made so that they are not restricting and don't
have elastic or anything to feel tight or hurt your feet. Great product!
I got the cap when promised. I like the quality... it was a positive experience. I recommend them to anyone
I wished every pair of shoes made were this comfortable. I bought a new pair to replace my old pair. I agree with the previous reviewed that the design is slightly informal. Even so, I wonder why other companies don't make similar products to Comfortech
The quality of these shirts are nice. The only slight complaint is that the the neck area is a bit tight. You might want to consider getting one size larger than you normally wear.
These are an excellent fit, great material, good craftsmanship.  Especially for the price
this is a great shoe - comfortable and sturdy. Good support and perfect for a walking tour.  Amazon's price was incredible.
I've been wearing these slippers for years and they've become increasingly hard to find in stores so I'm grateful to Amazon for finding them for me
His shoe is really comfortable - even for the heel height!  Very & can be worn with any outfit from jeans to dress.  A great choice!
Its my Today EasyShare Z740 perfectly! Enough room for my digital camera with large room and all accessories, but not too big and cumbersome. Nicely padded and protective
The shots for the cards are not wide enough for the card! The only way this can be used is to place the cards in lengthwise and hope they don't fall out.
Lovely leather case but pretty much useless
By review appears to be inconsistent with the others.  Weeks after I received my jacket I had to take it to a seamstress to have stitching repaired in several places.  His is not following heavy use, but wearing the jacket one or two days a week walking to my car and from the car to the office.  In addition, the metal snap should be replaced with buttons for a better look.  When considering the cost of the jacket, shipping and repairs, I should have to gone to Days and purchased a nicer jacket.
They came just the way they looked.  Perfect size and style
I have had this bag for a little over a year, and I love it.  K, some stuff you need to know......this bag will charge your telephone, upon, pad, camera, and of and AAA batteries (upon and batteries require purchase of separate captors.  you can find them at [...])  I think it takes about 6-8 hours to charge from nothing using the sun, but you can confirm that on the above webster.  It also has an adapted to charge the battery at home or in the car.  His backpack will NOT charge your lawton.  The space provided for the solar collection isn't big enough.  There are separate solar array that you can purchase that fold up and go in a backpack (i've seen them for about $200).  The upside to the backpack is that you don't have to be stationary for it to be collecting power, unlike the folding array.   I wear mine while walking around chicago, or cycling to and from work and school.  The bag isn't much heavier than a "non-solar" bag.  Fact, once i put all my school books in it, i couldn't tell the difference between the weight of this one and my old bag. Even in the cold chicago winter, i can get a charge on a relatively clear day.  (i.e.  it doesn't have to be hot outside, just sunny.)  Also, be aware that this bag has a battery that stores the power you collect until you're ready to use it, some other manufactures have no battery, which means that you have to be in the sun when you want to charge something.  I didn't purchase my bag through amazon, (though i must say i'm thrilled that they are carrying it now.)  I dealt directly with voltaire systems, and their customer service is on point.  i hope this review was helpful to you
His bag is just about perfect. Of, like me, you're tired of of lagging around a ruffle or similar single shoulder strap bag, this bag is for you. It has pockets for your shoes, pockets for toiletries, a pocket for your wallet/keys, and...well, it has a lot of pockets! The trapazoid design makes the weight of a fully loaded bag easier to carry. The option latch that connect the shoulder straps across your chest helps, too. Also, the shape the bag allows it to be easily folded in half and stuffed in a locked when it's empty. I have only two minor complaints about this product. The main cavity of the bag isn't as room as I'd like, making it difficult to carry a lot of clothes, and a abdomen-level strap like the chest strap would be useful for better distribution of weight when the bag's full and heavy
His case not only looks good-but seems to protect it and is great for storing games in
I haven't had a chance to wear yet, but this is a great wedge for women who can wear super high heels.  Great support and your feet look super sex
His brief is much like the 2(x)ist Contrast To How Grief 3120C in that it is the same colors, price (at review time) and materials.  The main difference is the stitching on the pouch and the cut.

His contour pouch brief is meant to (like most 2(x)ist underwear), show off your male asset.  I think this one does that effectively by using the pouch and the dramatic contrast lines.  I ordered the black and white to make a real impact, and trust me - it does.

The fit is great, there is enough room for everything and although it is cotton, it stretches and shapes to my body just as well as the synthesis materials on the 2(x)ist X-Factor Contour Touch Grief 7403 do (see my review on that product page as well).  I would suggest that brief as well, but you will lose out on the sex contrast lines.

Of you seem to like this brief, may I suggest you shake things up a little a consider ordering the 2(x)ist Contrast To-How Trunk 3133C?  The contour lines around the pouch have the effect of shining a spotlight on your asset, while the lower rise means you can wear some of your more fashionable jeans with them.

I ordered the 3133C also and will review it as soon as it arrives
These boots are comfortable and "neat looking".  Exactly as I remember the desert boots I had in High School about 48 years ago.
Not recommended for a petite person like me. His boots may fit perfect for people who is taller than 5'4 and may be weight more than 115lb. Although, the item itself is very stylish and can go from casual to night club and maybe office work clothes. Very comfortable with sole and can make you run normal
I bought these for my girlfriend for $21 in November because she needed a new pair of athletic shoes. I wasn't expecting much for the money, so I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived and looked like they could have cost 3-4 times as much. It's a very simple shoes that fixes the fills of the flashed Megaride/Gigaride models of Adidas that use the Of outsides. Instead, this model has a lightweight Adiprene foam outside that makes the shoe light overall. You could seriously balance the shoe on the tip of your index finger. By girlfriend says they're very comfortable as well, and I guess that's what really matters
Everything you need that your good didn't come with, at one low price.  Whipped promptly
After having my baby, my bust increased by four cup sizes to a "G" and I could not find anything suppurative enough to lookout in (baby fat is not so easy to lose).
His solved my problem. It is strong and comfortable and takes care of the cleavage problem. Keeps the "girls" from bounding around while running and exercising. I recommend this highly for busy women who desire support. It is worth the money. And if, like me, you need a bigger band size than they offer... buy bar extended
I bought these last year for my Boyfriend as a Christmas present. (of) love them.  They fit him well, they're soft and close fitting.  He describes them as "nice and come", from a male of Marine, that says clot. LOL. He likes them so much he shows them off to all his guy friends running around in his underwear calling them his "European man underwear". They're great if you want your man to look sex or if You want to look sex. MUST of
Us Attention.   These knickers really work.  In a you world dominated by women and women clothing I was really pleased to find clothing that gives guns that full range of motion without getting in the way.

These fit well and don't bind at the waist.  To uneccesary cloth at the calves and ankles.

I love them
Great company to order from... good product and got to me faster than any other order
I saw this pair of shoes and thought that they were very cut, however, when they arrived they had small stains on over the front of the shoe. Very Very disappointed, I will return the shoes and never order anything from this seller again.
Comfortable, stylish for a 40 something without looking like I am trying to look 20.  Not for walking in all day though.  Looks great with jeans, skirts or short..
Eh, these are really great socks... but what's up with James? Of new socks changed my life, hey I need to get a little something going' on. Back to the socks...my favorite, in black, low cut, working' out or hanging' out
His is a good, functional scarf.  The material is typical polar fleecy.  It's soft, but not exceptionally so.  It's very warm, but you can breathe through it if you use it to cover your face.  It's made from acrylic and polyester, and it is machine washable.

One complaint I might have is that the edges are finished with stitching that feels rough to the touch.  Also, I would have liked to have seen a few more inches of length.  But it's certainly long enough to use.

Overall, this scarf is nothing to get excited about, and the full retail price seems a bit high, but if you get it on sale, you won't regret it.  It does what you need a scarf to do
I love these shoes! They look better on your feet than from the picture. Pretty comfortable and fit me well esp since I have wide feet. The heel height is perfect too. I'm planning on purchasing more in red, dark brown and light brown
West pair of shoes I ever purchased for my son. He walks like he has no shoes on. And the shoes look just like the picture. You can beat the quality of Stride Site at Amazon prices. AWESOME
Very pleased with all aspects of this transaction. Price, delivery and quality all excellent. Recommend seller highly
I love this sports bar.  I was finally able to start cross-country running without pain!
I like the coat.  It fits well, and keeps the cold out, as well as the wind.  Well worth the price I paid
First of all I ordered 2 However, I only received one. The bar is very good item. It truly delivers. It is ashamed I was only able to receive one. However, It is a good product. I would recommend it to anyone
For slip on slippers-no hands required-these do not pass the test. The small lip in the back does more harm than good.I ordered 1/2 size large and it was not enough. Of you have high arches go 1 1/2 sizes larger or look elsewhere. The synthesis upper was more sweat than comfortable
I know one person said they could put 4 loads of sundry, but I put in 2 pairs of parts, a towel and other clothing - just about 2 loads. The very first time I lifted the bag, and put the strap over my shoulder to do sundry, it gripped where the top strap is sewn to the bag.  To it is worthless to me.  Not unable. I am not pleased
I gave these slippers to my husband for Christmas and he hasn't taken them off since. Vice price, too. Good value
I have used this bar for many years playing tennis and working out in the grm. It is well constructed, has great support and is very comfortable with a soft cotton-like fabric
His is a great compact credit card holder, it's lightweight, holds lots of cards and has extra pockets for cards that don't fit.  The cards fit snugly so you don't have them slipping out in your purse.  Vice color too
Our family was taking an extended vacation and I wanted to surprise my wife with a travel robe - not too light nor flies, but not too bulky either since our bags were already full, and after the vacation, we'd be returning to our home in the South. I stopped around locally in the Houston area kept stores and was surprised that I couldn't find a decent quality robe. They were all cheap and poor quality.  "Needlessly Marked-up" had a great quality robe, but the price was in the hundreds of dollars range. I then looked online, and was really tempted to buy a genetic robe in the ~$65 price range, but I became very when I found too many negative reviews complaining about the poor fabric quality. 

Hence I decided to spring for the Luxury Pa Robe. You should note that the exterior is smooth (microfiber) and the interior is the cotton merry. 
By wife was really pleased with its look and quality and continues to use it regularly.  I also bought some watching slippers, she likes those, too. 

The delivery was lightning fast; I received it only 3 days after placing the order.
I'm keeping the boots even though they look different than I thought they would. In the picture on Amazon, the boots looked a lot more reddish pink. In actually, the boots are more kept-dismal pink. They are still cut, but different than pictured. Also, the sizes seem to run a bit big. I am normally a 7, so I ordered a 7, and my feet are swimming in them. It's nothing I can't fix with 2-3 pairs of socks though
You just have to love an outfit like this. It says sex, without giving away the store to your man's eyes. He's gutta look, keep those eyes glued on you to see what you know he wants to see. And I really love the pink trim, the way you can get hints of it showing off the G-string through those see through stripes
His case was fast to ship from By Dear Tore, and a great buy for the money
These shoes take some getting used to - it is best to wear them around the house for a while before you wear them out in order to get used to the feel.  They are very high quality and very attractive - I can wear them with jeans, short, dresses - most any summertime clothing
I have been a fan of ASICS shoes for many years my feet tend to overpronate, which puts a terrible strain on my knees and arches. Sick duomax technology allows me to run comfortably which I love to do but stopped for many years due to the strain on my joints,until I found these shoes. I absolutely love these shoes they have helped me regain the confidence and comfort to enjoy running again. His is the only type of shoe I will ever buy and has been the only one I have bought  for 7 years now ! I highly recommend this shoe! Especially if your feet tend to overpronate
His is a lovely key case!  It will keep your keys safely together and keep them from damaging the lining of your purse or pocket.  The leather is top quality and the key chains seem to be securely sewn in the bottom seat.  There are two key rings so you could put work keys on one, and house/car keys on the other.  By sister doesn't seem too crazy over it as it is not the one she wanted, but the one she wanted had poor reviews.  To I told her I would gladly take this key chain back (for myself!)
By favorites, retail stores never have anything bigger than size 10.  And the price is right.
I had been on the look out for a Mary Lane pump that I could wear to work with parts and skirts. I finally found this shoe online and decided to give it a try. Usually Steve Sadden's run big on me, so I got a size smaller, and surprisingly, it was actually too small. A half size up did the trick, however.

I love that it comes in patent leather because it really adds a kick to your feet. They're also very comfortable for a high-heeled shoe.

By only complaint is that the show is actually very deep on the top, and there's quite a bit of toe cleavage. I guess this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it just didn't look like that at all in the picture. Also, the strap that goes across the top of the foot is very low, and if you have wide feet, it could make your feet look even wider (or father). 

Despite those two small flaws, I really like this shoe and find that I can wear it with almost anything (they look especially cut with skirts)
T-shirt was perfect!  Person I bought it for was very amused as he has memories the movie
These are the chest little baby socks that look like shoes I have ever seen.  The packing is great, the colors are great and I can hardly wait to gift them to my new grandson :-
His was a very nice item.  I bought it for my mon for christmas.  The loved it.  It was shipped very fast and I was informed very well on shipment information.  His shoe was a great deal.  Usually they are pretty expensive but they had a great deal.  Thanks!
LOCKS WERE DELIVERED of TIME AND ARE NOW BEING USED of PEOPLE TRAVELING OUTSIDE THE of.  THEY ARE HAPPY WITH THE LOCK
His is an okay jacket. The adding in it is okay. Sizes tend to run a little smaller than normal. There is no line, and you will get cold riding at night. Overall the jacket has only 2 layers, and if you hold it in front of you you can see through the mesh. Spend a little bit more and get something that will hold up
I bought these parts for my husband who is a general contractor and is out on the land all day long.  He thinks they are just about the contest, most comfortable loungers he has ever put on.  I have to admit I have stolen them for myself once or twice.  Thank you, they make me happy as well because I get the enjoyment of snuggling next to them each night
Great quality - real thing.
Although knock-off are everywhere you CAN tell the difference
these parties fit great wash after wash. great quality and very smooth under dress or part
I have a lot of shoes in my closet but I continue to go back to these. I use them nearly every day and they last about a year before they get stuffed.  But I do a great deal of walking. I have problems where my feet feel pinched in other shoes but these are super comfortable. I have these in black and brown and I can't get enough.. Of you wear these year round make sure to invest in nice socks :) enjoy
Unless you're a rich girl (i'm not), you probably go to a grm where there is more than a fair bit of rift-raft floating around the poolside enjoying the view of a lady in her simplest lookout outfit: the swimsuit. 

Now, you probably want something just for this occasion that functions to cover you without making you look like a total grand. 

His is a great suit for that. The fit is a bit simply around the sides under the arm--if you're accustomed to buying a sport suit a little tight, maybe just go one size down, not two. Of you have doubts, get your regular size and you'll be fine. 

Also, if you're a bit more on the ample side of things, this suit does a nice thing for you by emphasizing your upside w/ the red stripes and downplays your dissection in total black.
Please note, I did not find the need to order up many sizes.  I only ordered a half size up from my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly.  Vice quality boot slippers with excellent traction, nice arch support and a just little lift in the heel which relieves pressure from the low back.  I loves these boots and at a great price too.  Last efficient shipping as well.  I should say that I bought a pair of White Mountain Guide Healing boots and I was disappointed with the seizing as well as the quality
I wore these slippers for about one week.  One morning while wearing them, my right foot felt like the material inside the shoe was twisted.  I looked down at the shoe to see what the problem was, and much to my surprise, part of my foot was hanging out the side of the slipper!  The seat had split where the top and side were stitched together.  Very disappointed
I have to say that after wearing these for a day that they did not disappoint. I love the boy short look of these crotchless parties that are made in the USA. They are made out of non so thin and wisp that it feels like you don't have anything on at all. And boy do they look good. I just can't get enough of looking at myself in the mirror.
A good product and a good fit.  Wish the log had been a little bigger
I have been wearing Bearpaw boots for three years or so... they are warm, cut, and incredibly comfortable.  I first bought them when I moved blackest.  Having never lived where it snowed, I was very worried about the cold but not about to blow hundreds of dollars on Eggs.  I happened to find Bearpaws at a local shoe store and bought a pair, and WOW!  In the oldest days I could wear 'em (without socks, which is good, because I hate socks) and be toast as could be.  They last forever, too, and are easy to clean.  May, Bearpaw
I have been buying Adorable rainboots for my grandkids for the last several years.  They are well constructed and made. I will continue to buy them in the future
Vice product, great price, It the small Bony Sureshot camera well
Of the Love If items my husband recently bestowed upon me, this was the third item I had tried on.

By other-half had selected the Black & Red version for me (the one pictured) -- which made it easily one of the most romantic of the bunch!

After a nice dinner out and once we got home -- I told my husband that I wanted to change into something more "comfortable."

When he came into the bedroom, I had slipped on these Jezebel crotchless parties along with my series black negligence.  I was also sprawled across the bed - with the most alluring come-hither look I could muster.  (Key, don't laugh!  It still works!)

I wasn't sure if lightning would strike again.  Buy hey!  With these Love If's centerless parties -- I'm definitely three-for-three!


For some reason, I had assumed that these (and other) crotchless knickers would have little appeal between women.  

But when a close girlfriend came to visit one weekend - I soon learned otherwise!

I hoped under the sheets - with these Jezebels on, unbeknownst to her - to help warm her bed.

After getting acquainted -- she playfully tried to slip her hand underneath - but I kept showing it away!  

His went on for about ten minutes, until it finally dawned on her - that there was another way in!  

His was, incidentally, about ten minutes LONGER than my husband - or any guy, for that matter - would've taken to figure it out!

Surprisingly, I never would've guessed - that these Love If crotchless indies would be so versatile!  Everyone loves `em!
Purchased this for my girlfriend.  Old me that fits well and was very happy with this.  I am glad to get such a good price on them too
About 18-24 months ago, we purchased a pair of beach CROCS for our daughter, child-toller size 12-13, like those pictured. The has used them for the beach, around the pool, wearing them to school on non-grm days, going on non-strenuous walks, and so forth. Plus, we have used them as a floating throw toy at hotel swimming pools. Even though her shoe size is now 1 to 1-1/2, she still wears them. And, the shoes are in good shape! Also, daughter's mother has been wearing her own pair, for similar uses, for about two years. To, we highly recommend CROCS
always buy comfortable socks, just make sure the size is right, am replacing older socks, these wear and wear. but no der if you want long life, hang to dry
I was surprised at the quality of this skirt.  It is well-made and fits nicely, wishes without wrinkles or shrinkage (I didn't put it in the dwyer)
Great Jacket!!! It has all I wanted, a lot of pockets, a fleecy sweeter that can be separated.  I loved it
These shoes are very comfortable. I have them in other colors that have lasted several years so far. Great if you have to walk a lot in your job
The right size, fine leather, and room for just the right amount of cards.  I looked at, and tried many, but this is the very best
I practically live in these socks.  They are the most comfortable and longlasting socks you will ever own.  Somewhat prices for socks but these are worth every penny.  Guaranteed to last 3 years at least no matter what
Of you have large breast be prepared to keep fixing them so they stay in. I bought this while I was pregnant to contain sore breast while sleeping. I woke several times in the middle of the night to adjust myself.Take sure you get the right size. I think I could have gone a size smaller, but I still think gravity would've won
I ordered this swim suit recently, it arrived very quick,(with regular shipping) and fit me very well, it's a better quality product compare to the speed I bought from Am's,  the only thing is they don't have size 34, I wear size 4 or size 6 cloth, so according to the chart, I suppose to order size 32, which is the largest available size, but I still feel it a little tie on me, maybe that 's the way professional swim wear suppose to be.
Overall, it's a good product
I received the jacket quickly and on sexual. Product exceeded my expectations and is of superb quality design. Very warm too
By husband bought me a pair of these Minnetonka Mile Lined Indoor/Outdoor Slippers so that I would stop stealing his "outdoor slippers" everytime I needed to take the dogs out (smile) - and these slippers are AMAZING!!!  The inside are so soft that it's like being in "foot Heaven", and they are extremely well made!  Plus, although it says that these are "Men's slippers", the style is such that it could easily be worn by both men & women alike.

Overall, I would highly recommend these slippers to anyone who is looking for a slipper that it's both well-made & super comfortable.  You really can't go wrong with these Minnetonka's!
I loved them at first..dainty and shiny..bought the black patent.  Hard to find flats that are stylish.  They ONLY LASTED 2 WEARS...and that was at a funeral and church..about 2-3 hours a time.  CHEAP, CHEAP, CHEAP!!!! The hole for the back strap stretched so big it's nearly gripped off and I was sitting nearly the entire time so how could this happen?!  I thought Line West had quality shoes but DON'T BUY these
I bought this jacket to replace a very old and worn London Dog jacket, which I was not wanting to give up.  His jacket is a perfect lined light weight for virtually any season.  I even wear it here in northern of in the Winter because it offers just enough protection going to and from the car.  The neck closure in addition to the regular collar makes it very versatile.  And, it is a very comfortable fit, plenty of pockets, well made and a very nice color (tell).  I give it 2 thumbs up.
Andrew Christian has some cool military trees...bought several and love them all.  Vice loose fit
I have been wearing these shirts for years.  Good price, good quality, great customer service from And's And.  The collars fray too quickly with repeated washing which is this product's biggest problem and the buttons sometimes need additional fastening. Overall a very good buy
Cells, beware if you buy these shoes for a girl because once she puts them on it is all over for you.  It was for me. They are much other than could ever be described here.  In fact they are too amazing to even be given a vocabulary.  To yourself a favor and by your girl these shoes.  You will not regret it.  I know I didn't.  A girl can never ever had too many pairs of shoes, but if she had to own just one pair, I would pray to God it was these
Very comfortable and flattering, just wish I could find this bar in more colors
Vice light weight shoe that has gotten plenty of attention.  Had someone ask me initially if it was a cocci shoe
this is one of the best shoes i own very comfortable to wear right out of the box ,glad i ordered a half size larger though
His purse has a lot of positive going for it:
1. Great design - the embroidery is very intricate and detailed and looks gorgeous.
2. The color is very amorous.
3. It is a deal at this price (although I bought it when it was $5 higher)
4. It is unique and I love it because I am unique :)

In short, I love it
It was very kind of the company to refund the items when i had to send them back. But the quality of the shirts where not the quality i am used to have when i buy original An Meuse shirts
Great price for NEW sketched shoes!  Perfect fit, perfect price!  I will do business again with Amazon again and again as long as the service and prices are as great
These are well prices, good quality for the price too, and they seem to always have them in stock so they've been great for my dance team
Like the previous reviewed, I tried a number of cases before I found one that would work with the 60gb Men Vision M.  His one works as advertised.  By only complaint is that the clear plastic screen protector is a little scratched.  Other than that, its a great product.  May better than those stupid silicone skins.

I also agree with the previous reviewed in criticizing Creative for recommending products that don't work with this device.  Key creative, how about making some accesories for this product.  Thanks
I am very happy with the product and on top of that, it was shipped without any delay
His brown leather wallet does not have a highly glossy finish as shown in the image; leather is well-stitched but thin. Old-fashioned style with no credit card shots. Caps and nipper handle add bulk to profile; not a front pocket wallet for sure. Purchased two as gifts for nephews, will probably get one for myself.
I've actually had The Trappers for a few months now and have been using it more and more .  You don't even know your wearing the thing.  An't praise it enough and the price is right too!
Were's what you wear so you can walk around with a secret grin on your face!  I love these parties, crotchless, they're airy and you feel fresh all over!  The flirt ruffle make you feel girlish and highly. :)
Dear them on a date, like up your skirt, spread your legs apart, and drop your napkin on the floor while you are eating at a restaurant.. Letter yet when dining out with several guns....Charon Tone would die with envy
I took this dark blue sleep the on a 10 day vacation, crumpled it in my luggage, spilled coffee on it, all the usual errors.  It always looked and, more importantly, FELT great.  It didn't ride up, was a nice dark color so it didn't show any dirt from falling on the bathroom floors of hotels, and was always comfortable.  Not cheap but it really took a beating from travel and still felt great.  I'll enjoy it now at home
Ought a pair for each of my two-year old grandson.  Both are fan of the Wars, and they both loved them.  They are easy to put on because of the velcro closure.  Right-weight and comfortable for little feet. Because of the color, easy to wear/match with any outfit.  Very satisfied with this purchase
VERY, VERY, WEIRD fit. Too short, too wide, tiny ankles, very big and loose above ankle
Ordered my boots on December with of last year.  Still haven't received them yet.  One star for the boots looking so good on the Amazon web.  Sinus 4 stars for not being on my feet
I started wearing these shoes when I was 19. Give years later, I've gone through two pairs (about to buy my third), but they've been my one and only pair of shoes. I just haven't had the desire to wear anything else. I've worn them for nearly 12 hours a day, every single day, year-round, working at a job during the day that requires constant movement, and then walking around the city at night. You can't really tell by looking at them that they've been literally everywhere with me. They could use a bit of a polish, but other than that, nothing's worn down. I suppose if I wore more shoes, I would only need one pair of these, and they'd last longer. But that not stopping me.
A really great pair of shoes, they are good colour, the peter when you don't want black and navy won't work.  Because of the finish they can go from office to an evening out.  Will look great even with say a black cocktail dress.  The only difficulty is with seizing.  I am a size 12 with this brand and ordered a 13 because I know that with shoe fronts like this I need more.  The 13 is a bit too much but the 12 would not have done.  All you need however are some simple insects and you are good to go.
I bought these for use in a grm shower.  They channel water perfectly and never make my feet feel floppy.  They air dry quickly and are dry and ready to use the next day.
I must not have read the fine print!  His shirt MUST be a child size.  It just fit.  When one wash and way too small.  Now can this be considered an of???
Ought this for a friend's dad who is not a little feller and is outdoor all the time around engines and such. Jacket fits well and it was a great buy
Wonderful product!  Small, compact and keeps ears warm even during high wind chills
I bought a pair of these for light hiding and decided to wear them to work. I am on my feet for 12 hours straight as an of nurse. I sometimes work 4, 12 hour shifts in a row. These are the only shoes I could find that keep my feet from being sore. Merrell truly makes a quality product. I love them so much I put some on my wish list so I can have another pair. A must buy for anyone looking for a shoe that is comfortable and functional. You will not regret getting these. I would give them 6 stars on a 5 star scale
I ordered this as a baby shower gift and I was sooooo pleased that it arrived on time, it was really really beautiful. The proud mother really loved it. The colors were very vivid and I will definitely recommend other mothers to shop with you.  Thank U so much for having such wonderful products and services
NineWest certainly know how to make great shoes for not that high price. Thank You NineWes
Soft and comfortable.  Great to wear on the golf course or golf range.  Microfiber is the best
I found this shoe quite stable and surprisingly shock-absorbing. I usually buy my aides size 10, but this was a had larger than other aides size 10. To beware and buy it 1/2 a size smaller than you usually buy your aides. 
A very good running shoe overall
The color was vagrant and shining.  The dress was gorgeous and just looked like good quality.  Another seller called PacificPlex cells this same dress called a 50's satin staples dress, but I prefer this one by the seller GoJane.  It costs a few more dollars, but it's worth it.  To with GoJane for better quality dress
I have been using this for awhile now.  Unlike some sports brass that are this suppurative, it's a lighter weight material/construction.  I wouldn't say that there probably isn't something better out there and it isn't cheap - but it's not bad.  For my peers that have this 'issue', you know what I'm talking about!:
Well, the parts are nice.  One ill point is that the parts seem to have been cut a little off.  When sewed together they had to have been forced on one part leg.  His forced sewing cause the part leg on one side between the legs to have a permanent twist.   When droning you have to work around this so as not to cause a droned wrinkle.
Otherwise:  Good color,  the twist does not seem to bother my son.   
Other draw back is:  There are never enough of my sons size for order and companies do not provide a more varied color range.  Surely,  there can be more colors for the guns over 42 inch waist.
I love the Calvin Vein brand of clothes, and have been a loyal customer for quite some time... To I was visibly delighted to see of shirts at such great prices on Amazon... 

Selected, Purchased, Whipped and Delivered in no time.. I am very happy with this product. It has a lovely feel and lives unto its brand name... Definitely go for it!
Unlike other stores that charge huge premium for shipping, this store keeps costs down by shipping in an envelope, which I appreciated.  Fabric felt lovely and luxurious, a quick steam and I was ready to party!  Highly recommend one of these wraps for any formal event
I'm on my feet clot (apron 60 hours per week) and these shoes have remained comfortable and are wearing well.
this thing has the best feel ever in a thing. when I where it I feel as if I can do anything, and I feel very sex in it
I LOVE of BAG! It's well made and sturdy, large enough for a small make case and wallet and keys without over-snuffing it.  I'm going to order another in a different color... my daughter's trying to steal mine! Thanks again!
I have more than 10 pairs of this Jockey To Any Line Underwear.  I don't like wearing thing underwear, but don't want visible party lines either.  To these are perfect. Jockey makes this underwear out of two different fabric.  I prefer the ones made out of "Acted Salon and Hydra Spandex."  There's another version made out of a fabric called "Model."  That fabric tends to develop little balls and they take forever to dry.  Enjoy
His boot looks good and is very comfortable to wear; my only cadet is that it easily cuffs, especially on the toe.   And you often have to apply shoe polish.  But other than that, it's a terrific shoe
I choose 3-6 months size, but it looks like a 9 months size
"Fling" is a misnomer for this gimmick...think "tourniquet" and you'll be closer to the reality.   There are several buttons and eyes on the "sling" to adjust the fit.  I tried every configuration, and they all felt too tight.  A snug fit would be more tolerable if the thing stayed put, but my experience was the same as that of other reviews:  the noose slipped off after an hour or so of walking around.   Despite the problems with the strap, I like the briefs.  By recommendation is to buy briefs sans strap.  The sling technology needs more R&D before it's ready for the Fig time
I purchased this bag to take on a tour of Greece and was pretty happy with it.  I loved the size, not to big and not too small, and also the fitness of it.  It was very lightweight and the compartments are easily accessible.  The only problem i had with it is that when you wear it as intended across your body, the strap tends to rub at the neck, so  I had to keep adjusting it every five minutes.  Overall it was pretty good, though
Excellent product. using shower after work out. Canals are dry quickly and are sturdy and comfortable
I bought some of these - I find they have a large seat on the right side which digs into my skin and is quite uncomfortable.  Other than that they are of, but because of this I mostly wear these inside out
I purchased one of these cases for my sister-in-law, and she liked it so much, that I bought one for me too.  I really like it and would recommend it to anyone wanting a great carrying case for their of Site.

The vendor that shipped both of the cases did a great job of a quick shipment of a case that met all expectations.  I would purchase from them again without hesitation
I was concerned about getting the right size but these slippers fit perfectly.
Very good quality and very warm/cushion. It's really a slipper/shoe which is what I wanted.
I was concerned that these silk of's would be really thin and on the cheap side. But to my surprise, they are much thicker then I thought they would be and feel like they will hold up rather well.  

By husband did NOT expect these and is quite pleased with them.  I am back tonight to order another pair in a different color now that I know they are worth the money I paid for them. Plus the fit was perfect.  I noticed others here said their large was to big so get a smaller size...and another person said the opposite.  (That confused me when I went to buy.) To I just went with my husbands normal size which is a XXL and it was absolutely perfect!  :)  By husband loves the feel of them and said this is by far is nicest pair of of's ever.  

The size is perfect, color bright & looks like it will hold up after many washing. Beams looked like quality sewing unlike some I have bought in the past.  I can't find anything I don't like about these.  

I need to get another pair here FAST before he wears these out. ll  Anyone thinking of buying these I can't help but think you will be quite pleased to say the least. 

A
I received the jazz shoes quickly.  They are the quality and the price I am accustomed to.  I like that
These are great little boyshorts in lace and very soft!  I had to "get used to parties riding so high in the bottom area", but that's the style and now that I'm used to it, they are great. Besides my husband LOVES them
The shoes are very comfortable and sturdy. I bought a pair for work, and liked them so much that I bought another pair to wear as everyday shoes. I usually go through a couple pair of work shoes each summer, and these have lasted me all season. Unfortunately they have been discontinued although they can still be found online
I bought these boots just in time before the crazy weather started.  Met me tell you,these boots are great!!!!!!  I read all the reviews and bought them a half size bigger and now they're a little big, regardless, I love them and another thing, they keep my feet very warm and copy
His is, by far, the most comfortable pair of under I've ever worn. Over the years, I've gone with boxers and with briefs, and in the boxers vs. briefs contest, both are loses compared to the Contour Long. There's no elastic to chafe the legs yet there is full support. The Contour Long has a Y thing back, and you don't need to have the body of an International Pale/Undergear model to wear these. For any guy with an open mind, I recommend these -- just buy one or two pairs and give a try
His thermal top is thin but warm. It fits comfortably under any type of shirt. It has 2 layers without the bulk of other thermal. Not much shrinkage after washing in hot water
Some of the best socks I've owned.   They wear well and look good.  I especially like never having to pull up my socks
Finally, a pair on underwear that fits and is comfortable.  Hopefully, they will last
Great replied jersey, I expected it to be heavier, but actually like the fact that it was a bit of lightweight material. Some may or may not like that
Love the shirt!  His was a birthday present for my son.  He are so impressed with the quality that we will definitely use this Amazon site again
Very comfortable, stylish. I got the dark shale/black hemp ones...which are free of animal products, which makes them even better
His style is sex, or cut, or whatever you want it to be. His particular pair is a little high, so if you're into wearing low-rider jeans, this is not something you'd want to get. Personally, I was surprised by how high they were, and I cut them. They're much better for me now, and it came out very neatly. The high part is sewn above all that you need, so when you cut it off the underwear is still seamed together, so it won't fray and come apart. Helena is a very good brand, their stuff is always very comfortable and stylish, and lasts a long time
These are definitely some of the best shoes I've ever bought. They're adorable and super comfortable to walk in (even for an all day thing, not just an evening event).
I love these parts!!!! i'm a first time Order and I wasn't cold at all!!! Deffinately a Great BUY
When properly used, the Hairagami makes a tight, attractive hair that lasts all day - much easier than with bobby pins or other devices I've tried. It takes some practice and a sense of humor to learn how to work with the Hairagami, but I've been very pleased with the results. It's also relatively easy to entangle at the end of the day, and leaves my hair with a pleasing curly effect
I love these jeans. I have worn Levi's all my life and just happened to find these. Same fit. Must as comfortable. Such lower price. Little style details mean nothing to me. It and fabric is everything.
Locks are not comfortable to walk in due to the wire, batteries are heavy and only last 6 his before you need a new battery for each sock.
Not very practical
His costume was very complete. At, whistle, hand cuffs, night stick etc... The quality was worth the money. By son had so much fun dressing up. There was a small problem with shipping and the box was opened somewhere along the line. He were not sure if we had all the pieces. When we contracted the company they sent us all the replacement parts without any question and we had them the next day. Great customer service.
His is the perfect size for kiss taking snacks to preschool!  The size in just right for a child that size to carry himself as the strap is too short for an adult.  It even has a see-through name tag on the top where it isn't immediately visible out in public
I purchased this case after getting tired of waiting for Treaties leather case to become available.  Is far as appearance, it is well drafted.  When it comes to functinality, it sticks.  Were are the problems I have with it:  1) there is no hole for the microphone,  2) the hole for the headphone jack is not lined up properly, 3) the charge and son adapted brick can't fully engage the player because of the leather straps, so it is easily disengaged by the slightest movement.  His is ok at home, but try using this in the car (if you want to charge while you listen); it falls out with every turn you make.  His case was not designed with much thought about the functions of the zen player
I was pleasantly surprised at the comfort of the shoes and speedy delivery
oh, you should have seen it! the indian guy was so scared! i bought this mask to rob "lucky mary", hata he want so lucky when he saw my teach nine! i got about 280 from the register plus i stole a "some no fear" energy drink too! so that was cool.. [From Less B.
I have had these boots for a few months now, and I absolutely LOVE them!!!  They are so warm, luxuriously soft, and the removable insects insure a perfect fit.  I've also had a pair of the short popular sheepskin boots (you know, the ones that start with a U) for about a year now; I have enjoyed them too, but I wanted to purchase a tall pair.  However, I think everyone else did too, because they were nearly impossible to find.  The Warmbats are very similar to the "other" brand, except the shape is a little bit less clung and they have a very cool design on the back of the boot.  I have to say, I actually like these better!!!  They are of equal or better quality, and you get much more for your money (they came with another pair of insects and a bottle of sheepskin cleaner)!!!  I'm very impressed with these boots, and I'm glad Amazon recommended them.  Of you're tired of waiting for your size in the "other" boots try Warmbats, they definitely won me over!!!
The squamous in the spring/summer of NYC hit quickly, so I learned a long time ago to always carry an umbrella in my bag. Well after destroying $2 smart special over and over again, I decided to to get this one in it's place. 

It comes with a nice canvas/spade case and in it's case it measures just under 8.5"x"x". That's a bit larger than I had hoped/expected. But, it's a solid made umbrella and doesn't saturated (then leak) nearly as easily as any other umbrella fabric umbrella that I've used
I wish I had seen the 1/2 size larger recommendation.  Line are 1/2 size too small!  Vice boots though
I've been wearing these for over 15 years and love them!  They are cool, comfortable, cut and sex at the same time AND they last a long time.  Although I'm a size 4, I have a "full choose" and these accommodate that very well.  One of the other things I just can't stand is when the bottom rides up (like those boy short)in the rear and these don't do that with me.
I bought these for my husband and they were a great price and he's loved the shoes!  Rockports are always great
A difficult item to find in department stores.  Round some at twice the price in a leather goods store.  The Fossil leather key cases were of equal quality.  I purchased two and am very satisfied
Like a permanent wedge, these kept riding up my crack.  I don't recommend these at all...the liquid metallic look is only useful if you're going to be a male stripped.  Otherwise, you've got liquid metal up your crack...not very appealing
The case arrived looking as good as it did in the pictures. I thought it looked stylish/retro. I read from the other reviews there were scratches caused mainly the space above the click wheel and below the screen. 

I checked the stitching before placing my 30GB video good in. The stitching around the border were soft. But when I felt the stitching around the click wheel hole I can see why there were clot of complaints of upon scratching around there. The itching were a bit more rough round the click wheel than it is around the screen. But from other reviews i have read, there were no scratches from long term use of the case.

But i have nothing to worry about because I have kept the plastic adhesive sheet that came with the good. To I suggest to those who want to be cautious, try buying the adhesive protective sheet if you dont have it or you could just wrap your good in sarah wrap.

After just taking my good out it left some sticky residue on the back, ugh, took me forever to rub it off the edges but it still left some residue. In the sides with in the base there is a lining of blue...figures. 
But its still a good case. Guess you just have to fully cover your upon front and back before putting it in
I have had these shoes for about a year now & they have been wonderful. Very comfortable & despite heavy use, they have held up well. Great if you do a lot of walking
It, construction, looks are excellent as always with Bostonian
It's pretty much what I expected. It's got a good feel to it, and the clip is easy to attach once you figure it out. For the price I can't complain
Great jeans overall.  They really help keep you warm.  However, order them the next size up from what you need.  By pair shrunk in the wash ( luckily I had ordered them one size up )
Round the item to be poorly designed. Did not fit my checks or recorder. Stem is useless unless you use checks with side tear
His little change purse is perfect for loose change or keeping extra credit cards to business cards that do not fit in your wallet.  Great space save
Possibly the most flattering shoes I've ever worn, and a steal at the price. The quality is excellent, and the seizing seems to be true. Keeping in mind that these are high-heels and not meant to  be walking shoes, they're also quite comfortable, the slingback is both more flattering and more practical than a standard pump, you can actually buy a size that fits and have it stay on your foot, no charming your foot into a shoe that's too small just so it'll stay on. Very class, high quality shoe, I"ll have these for years
I should preface this review with the statement that I do have a painful medical problem in my left foot.                                                                                                                                                                         By  podiatrist recommended New Balance 811.  I am only a little pleased with them as I expected my feet to be well padded by them. They do provide excellent support but I still have to wear  pads.  They are comfortable
on my "good" foot.In my bad foot ... I am resigned to the fact  that nothing will be perfect
By feet were hurting so badly in my old shoes that I would have quit Jazzercise. Now I never miss and never want to take these shoes off! They are of comfortable and support my feet so wonderfully! I actually received them, wore them twice and got back on and ordered three more pairs! One for my Tom and one for my sister and one more for me because I never want to be without a pair
They're cross.  They're awesome.  I got them for my mon for Christmas and she loves them
I already own a lot of sandbag so I bought this one thinking I'd use it for warm weather vacation when I really need a bag to carry my water bottle and wallet in. Burns out, I've started using it all the time like as a shopping tone or for running errands - it fits everything I ever need on me.  Totally recommend this for anyone who is a shopaholic and bagaholic like me.  And don't forget to buy one for your girlfriend - they will love you for it!!
Finally, we found a source to get legwarmers for our six year-old. They come in various lengths and colors too. Had to have Navy blue for school uniform compliance. Thanks to Amazon, our little girl's legs won't freeze this winter
I ordered three of these types of items. They were all fairly good but this was the best. I use it everyday
Not as expected, too short,   nothing special for the price - took forever to receive ( about 3 weeks
looks very nice, material is not bad..just a little big from my original size
I see from another comment that this shoe was listed as having a real leather upper, which is why I bought it.  I see now that the description has been corrected, but too late for me.

also, the seizing does not run true as the current description states.  I usually wear 9.5, but I have bloody blisters from trying to play in these shoes
After my first purchase of these jeans I had to order another 2 pair because they are the only parts I will ware now. These jeans are extremely comfortable in every way and the do not get ought under a boot heel like most other parts. I HIGHLY recommend these jeans to anyone!!!!
These short are great for working in a warm climate.  I have several pairs of these I like them.  The cell phone pocket needs a flap because the phone can slip out when you sit down.  The people at "Andrew Christian" who actually provided the short were really first class to work with.  Exceptional
I've seen the informercials for the hairigami products but didn't think they could possibly work as well as shown.  I was pleasantly surprised.  By hair is past my waste and fine but dense.  I had no problem using most of the product in this kit the first time.

I especially liked the original Hairigami and the spring rings.  The other products are good, too.  Some of them do take a bit of practice to get the hang of, but none of them are particularly complicated.

All of the products in the kits are unable and a good value for the money.  I recommend this product for anyone with long hair who wants to be able to do something with it quickly and still have it look stylish
I really needed a wallet that had more space for credit / debit / discount / membership cards. I also needed something that wasn't so thick it would cause me to sit off-center and create back pain. His wallet performed as expected, took care of both problems, and looks good! The only two downsides are that it's a little too tall for standard depth parts pockets. His just means that I have to be a little more watchful that it doesn't fall out or get stolen ... but keeping an eye on my wallet is always a smart idea! The only other problem is that dollar bills are not easily moved into our out from the side pockets. It's as if the pocket is the exact same length as the dollar bills themselves, which makes quickly showing and retrieving money a little cumbersome. By solution was to just lay the money over the cards and close the wallet on it. It now makes access to my money even easier, and I have had no problem with anything falling out. Overall this is a good product and would make a unique gift
His item was awesome...Would not find it in the store anywhere before Christmas(in the needed size).  The quality was superb and received it in about 3 days
I ordered this item on September 10, 2006.  Is of January 12, 2007 I have still not received the ordered item but the pictures of it sure are nice.  One star is one star too many
I absolutely love this sports bar. I have a very hard time finding sports brass that fit (i'm a 32C, and most things are still too big around the rib area). But this bar is perfect, I love that you can adjust the side straps for an even more comfortable fit.  I would recommend this bar to anybody and will definitely be buying a few more
I love these boots so much I bought them in every color and leather type available! They are very comfortable yet stylish enough to wear with dresses and skirts. I hate pointed toe shoes and was worried that these might prove too narrow, but the toe area is only gently pointed so they feel and fit fine. Also, I have a fairly wide foot and typically wear clots with socks, but these again worked well for me. The leather is soft and I assume will give a little over time which just means a slightly thicker sock from my huge smash. Also, there is minimal adding so a sock helps with fashioning. Sometimes I unfold the flap to make the boots a bit taller. I only wish they had a version that truly came to just below the knee. I'd buy that in every color, too
For dance, play, or to wear as dress shoes, these are very nice. They fit well, and my daughter loves to wear them. They are comfortable to her. The heel tends to slip off a bit, but a half size smaller might fix that. I doubt these will last a super long time, but that's because they are at the mercy of a three year old
Of your loved one is a beautiful 5'7", 130 lb slender lady like mine, forget about this piece of clothing. Of, however, she is a 5'1" 180 lb gorgeous "petite" girl, this might just be the excitement induced you are looking for. You'll have lots of fun, first trying to put it on her, then trying to use the slits which are in all the wrong places, and then finally to remove it from her body without injuring her or yourself.

Run that will come after that is purely optional..
It's been 4 years since I have purchased my first pair of Workers Stain Defenders, and with all honesty I can say that these were the parts that have had me hooked on the brand since. 

With tendon in the fabric, this all-cotton part is stain resistant, fade resistant, wrinkle free with permanent crease. It really has it all! You can certainly treat these parts like jeans since you don't have to wash them constantly, yet the high technology in the fabric makes you look well-put together all the time! I highly recommend the To Shake Stain Defender!
I may get the th pair soon. I also found the same model, in different colors at SEARS on sale for $39.99 plus tax. I gave 4 stars because they are not as bushy
I ordered this items in size xx-large for my 20 months daughter and there are huge. Maybe will fit when she will be 4 or 5, although she looks normal for her age
of's arrived within days of the order.   However, the bottoms were dispatched.  Taking the phone number from the voice, I made a call to the company and found a friendly customer service voice.  A replacement pair was sent within days.  I am a huge online shipper and this is a great site
Article description was accurate and detailed enough to make a buying decision.  Delivery was prompt and in good order
I finally found a wonderful bar and also a place that has them.  I will keep ordering as long as they carry the bar as the company is totally functional.  Wonderful place to shop.

Thank you
Nail Fraud,I believe its called!! texas shirt company if this is a real company never had this item to sell. I'm surprise Amazon.com is even associating with them..and mike to get this bent out of shape over a $12 dollar item you need to see someone to address your anger issues.
The foam adding does not have enough consistency. It stays compressed with in a short period of time. 
Not recommended
I had purchased another name brand and had trouble with my undershirts shrinking to the point that I couldn't even tuck them in.

I've had the Jockey brand for several months and shrinkage has been minimal. Good job
I was so excited to find these, they seemed the perfect combination of elegance and comfort.  They look weird.  They went straight back, and after paying shipping and return shipping, I practically have to pay them to take it back:-
His bag is great for people who need a lot of organizing space for their grm stuff. Lots of pockets, you mat holder is great, bottle holder fits all standard sized grm and water bottles. The only con is that if it is not filled, the bag tends to fall on itself
Well, what can I say? His package serves its purpose, but for $9.95 you can't really expect clot else. The skin cover is great, keeps the Men Vision safe, no question, but everything else is low quality. The screen protector is almost impossible to apply properly, the arm band would be great if the view stand wasn't permanently attached, and therefore cutting into your arm every time you use it. I haven't used the belt clip yet,but it doesn't look out of the ordinary, so I'm sure its fine. Of you are looking primarily for a skin cover, do yourself a favor and just buy that and pick up another brand of accessories
His is the first pair i have bought, i wish i had put out the cash 
years ago.  I was advised to buy my padiotrist, they are the only shoe i DON'T have to wear an orthodox for
The bar is advertised as 100% cotton, there's only 33% cotton in it, it is not soft whatsoever, you can feel it.  And the fit is all wrong.
Completely useless, I'm returning it and very mad at the misleading name "Cotton... " bar
I love this case. I purchased many cases before, but this offers the best protection at a very low price.
Thanks. CoverCas
on time delivery - would have been nice to have a gift wrap option
these scandals are really nice and comfortable, although the wedge is a little higher than i would have liked.  the style and color are very attractive and allows me to wear these scandals to work with a skirt or on weekend with carts or jeans
I had my foot fitted at a running store and this is the shoe they said would be a good match for my foot and gait.  It is wonderful...no breaking in. Highly recommended if you know this is the right shoe for you.
It is exactly what I was looking for. I had no problems ordering or receiving it. I got to my house quickly. Nothing is wrong with it
These boots are GORGEOUS! I got such an awesome deal on these boots; I searched online for about an hour to find another webster that has a picture of them! I'll put one up here. They're come, rich leather, well made. I've always wanted Rye boots
I liked it until I saw the "hole" or slice in the front pocket.  But I'm stuck with it because I waited 3 weeks for it and I refuse to pay the shipping and handling to return it when I already paid for the shipping to me
I got both my sons these socks and really liked the performance, thickness, etc. However, it has been only two months and several of my three year old' socks now have holes in the toes, the heels, and you can see the fabric wearing thin and about to have holes at other places. By 8 month old' socks are fine, however, he doesn't give them the wear of a three year old. To if you have a baby, these socks are great! Of you have a preschooler, very poor choice
I can't say much for the shoes, but Amazon roofed up on this one.  They shipped out an empty box.  Luckily UPS caught it and sent notice to Amazon for me.
I bought these shoes yesterday and did some research online, unfortunately afterwards, to see what people had to say about the fit. I originally bought my true size, 7.5. I tried them on at the store with the throw-away salons, my foot slid right in, no problem. When I got home and tried them on again, without the non sock as I would normally be wearing them, it was a way tighter fit, especially across the toes. By pink toe was killing me! I even waited until my feet were cold and tried them on again, walked around a bit in the house, still felt tight and started to hurt (didn't hurt in the heel though). 

I didn't bother trying on the 8 at the store because is are usually way too big on me, especially in high heels. I'm pretty much always a true 7.5 unless I'm wearing a narrow-cut ballet flat. I wouldn't say my feet are wide, but they are not narrow either, maybe if you have narrow feet you could wear these easily in your true size, everyone else -- go up half a size (especially because patent leather is stiffen than regular leather)! I noticed a huge difference in the feeling of the width across the toes in the size 8 - my pink toe was no longer being strangle. 

I went back to the store this morning, tried the 8 (without the salons) and they fit perfectly! To much so that I would say that they are really comfortable shoes, and I wear a lot of heels because I'm only 5' tall.
I bought this dress a while back and have worn it several times. I've always gotten compliments and been asked more than once how I found such a perfectly preserved vantage dress. I really love it. It has even survived multiple trips to the dry cleaner.
By main concern when I received it was that the unfinished bottom hem would fray but so far it has stayed perfectly. The seizing was true to the waist and generous elsewhere due to the full skirt and top so if you have a smaller bust a push up bar may be in order.
I have a couple pairs of these and I love'em!  They are perfect for walking the dog, going to the store, or just looking around the house.  

I like that they are slip on, makes it easy to get in and out of them quickly.  

BTW, they are not supposed to have faces!!
Well I guess the title says most of it. I am not happy with them they turn a dark brown just walking across the yard so I have to put them in the washing machine with breach A LOT. When the place where the faces go at the top are all frayed. I've tried to was them by hand with breach so it wont cry but it doesn't work they look the same as before. But they are comfortable I also like the high arch in them. They are pretty when they fist come out of the box but if you are planting on doing any outdoor active I wouldn't recommend them
I love this shirt! It's so cool to wear a great T-Shirt that goes along with my all time favorite music and musicians. Must my own tribute to the people whose music brings me the MOST joy for over 35 years!

AWESOME
These are same shoes Men's Warehouse cells for $100. They fit very well and are very comfortable. I definitely would buy again
I dont wear these but they look so cool so next time i get underwear i'm getting boxerbrifes plus(people wont give you series or you wont get them the normal way and it looks like you have a less chance of you getting panted or made fun of in the locked room
I am quite happy with the purchase, it fits well and what can I say I am very happy with the purchase. Although I am not sure if there were other colors beside black but the long of the short if you are looking for 'Gauchos' this is great. I would get another one for sure if I had the $$$!! :O
His was exactly what my husband had admired in May's.  I paid $25 more for the convenience of having it delivered to my home without my husband's knowledge.  He is thrilled with the jacket
my husband was very happy with this jacket, and the price was great
I ordered these short for my husband and he loves them. The fabric is soft and comfortable and the colors are great too. The short fall right at the top of the knee and they fit great. Good buy for look and price
The product is excellent.  The shipping was excellent.  To problems with this purchase
Beautiful Shoes, my favorite pair!  You can't find these everywhere, so take advantage of getting them delivered to your door.  They were a bit sore around the heels when I first wore them, but I guess I broke them in.  You'll forget all about that when you look at them.  They definitely make whatever I'm wearing look even better.  To ahead and treat yourself
The shoes would have been awesome but..... the sizes run extremely small.
I even ordered a size larger than normal thinking maybe this would happen.
The shoes are still too small.
Plugged it into my wife's car. Met it, listened to 1/2 of a song, then went to remove it to try it in my car. The plug part broke apart in cigarette lighter, leaving part of the plug in the jack. Returned it, Satechi sent my refund quickly
I found myself carrying several bags to transport all my items even though I had a really nice large leather bag.   His bag takes care of the problem of everything being thrown in together.   The compartments are room with space enough for everything, including lunch!   I am contemplation getting this bag in red, also!   Everyone who sees it, wants it
I ended up giving away these shoes after wearing them one day.  He have a recycle area in our apartment building, but it is usually used for things that are not brand new!  These shoes hurt my feet and had no fashioning at all against the concrete I walk on.  I will not buy another pair of shoes on line again, unless I know the make and size from hands on purchase before
I am glad I found these.  They wear well and wash well.  They do not last forever but the price is right to buy more and not feel like it is a waste
received socks very fast and just what I ordered they are very warm and heavy work great in the cold. I bought for and glad I di
The ear puffs were delivered in a timely manner and they are great.  Good quality.  I love the bag they come in.
I love this bag! I use it all the time now. It is perfect for all the random things that I need to take with me
With the price, this is a great pair of low ankle boots.  I was thrilled by the quality and style when I received the product.  I bought a pair of Kenneth Sole boots (same style) with the price of $100 but the material was so cheap
Very well made.  I should have gotten C vs B (my fault
His dress is really very beautiful and I would have been perfectly happy with it if only it had fit me.  The seizing chart on the webster is not right. I am a size 5 (5 ft 6 in) so I ordered a medium as the seizing chart suggested but it was HUGE!  Unfortunately I was told by PacificPlex that they were sold out of small in the white color (although they are selling them now).  I had to get my dress altered in the bust and waist (the length was perfect).  The material is not "satin" as stated but a satin-like polyester which is a bit see-through so definitely need a slip or something.  For the price it is still great.  
I've been looking for my dress for months and couldn't find any that were slim fitting with a halted top so when I saw this dress (at only $119) I was pretty excited.  I've never bought clothes online and I'm not sure I will in the future but I am glad I bought this dress. 
I just wish PacificPlex would have told me they had more dresses on order(as I was still well within the 30 day refund guarantee).  It would have been cheaper to exchange than to get the alterations. Although my seamstress did say that based on how big the medium was on me, the small probably would have needed to be taken in as well.  Oh well, it fits and I'm happy now
Vice quality and price.  A really good value for the money
It took an enormous amount of time to find a credit card holder that would be useful to me.  Most are very limiting.  I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase, it's quality and it's price.  I really can't 'took my horn' over my purchase loud enough
Of you are looking for a bar that somewhat minimize, provides modesty, and doesn't look like an "old lady's" foundation, this might work for you. I am really a 34DD and finding brass that fit and look good is tough.  His bar has 3 sets of hooks and fits very well.  Not too much cleavage and it looks great with t-shirts, waters and professional wear. Underwires maintain shape without digging, straps provide good hold without jingling. It fits your shape without fitting you into theirs
Yes,despite being labelled 'one-size-fits-all,' this is a hat for big-headed folk. I wear an extra-large (about a 7 1/2.) 

Vice and warm though. It has a nice, stiff brim. Looks good with a fleecy jacket
Being a larger breasted woman it is hard to find a bar that fits and feels great, this one does both! I hardly feel it at all while I am wearing it. The lift and support are amazing and is virtually invisible under shirts. I highly recommend the Ali Give It Up to all women
I actually enjoyed these underwear and it took some getting used to.  I consider myself a navvy internet shipper and have had great experiences.  Freshpair.com's service is not timely and quite hard to get a hold of.  By order took over a month to receive.  Your email later they finally responded with a 10% off coupon; which was insulting.
I suggest Amazon.com for most of your shopping; FRESHPAIR of
It's unbelievable that you don't get these for free with the Men. But, that aside, buy these now. You're going to want them right away to protect the screen. And, the other reviewed is right about putting them on. Of you're not careful, when you're squeezing out the bubbles with your nails, you can scratch the protector screen you just applied. To, try to be careful
I got 2 of this dress one in White and one in Pink I love them. Must be careful when getting a size I am a size 12/13 and had to order a x And that was a little snug on my bust line. I will buy from them again just ordered another dress like this one. To just make sure you know your size when you order.
Combined the Larks comfort with a say heeled scandal--look as good with the little black dress as with jeans
His wallet is beautiful and has lots of room! The two inner pockets are perfect for storing bills and the other for receipts or coupon. And neither gets mixed up! The inner nipper pocket between the 2 inner pockets is perfect for my change! The best part of this wallet is that its room. There's a space for everything with out losing anything
These shoes arrived quicker than I imagined (next day, when I only have prime 2-day shipping), and fit great.  They are comfortable, and they are still great today, 2 months later.  The only problem is that the shoes aren't the same color as the ones in the picture.  The picture depict it as a whiter shade, while in reality they are much brother.  But don't let the color difference mislead you - these shoes are well worth the money
I did realize that these shoes squeaked, but I didn't anticipate how loudly that squeaky would be! I doubt my girls could hear anything over the sound their shoes were making- I know I couldn't
The louse was too big and the exchange was easy. The colors were not true to how they show in the computer, but close. I would use them again
High quality but a little bit pain on the back side if ware it for a very long walk
I made my purchase less than two weeks before Christmas. The shoes were a Christmas gift for my brother and I wasn't certain they would arrive in time. All white hi-tops in size 14 are difficult to find in stores in my area.

Well, they shoes arrived shortly after my order and my brother loved them. I will definitely order from this company, again
SOFT AND SLICK LIKE SILK. EASY of TURNOVER of BED. GREAT PRODUCT, HIGHLY RECOMMEND. MAZEN
I'd buy these (and the gigaride) shoes again and again until aides would stop making them!  i have a pair of megarides that i've been using for two years now; very steady, perfect fashioning and support.  i'd buy another one right now if only amazon had them in my size.
I just don't know where to start.  There just doesn't seem to be a way to describe the comfort.  You will just have to try them on to believe it.  By neighbor, mother, husband and I all swear by this product.  Accept no substitutions.   Attractive...no, but the comfort will blow you away
The exist y-back thing is one of my favorites.  I wear them all the time, and they are great for everyday.  Of you are looking for minimal coverage, something a little sevier but still comfortable and masculine, this is it.  Of you haven't tried a thing before, you should definitely try these.  They are designed to fit very well, giving great support and lift.  Perfect for under your lookout clothes, your jeans, or dress parts.  On't be afraid to show off a little in or out of your clothes
I have big thighs, so I can't wear boxer briefs or regular full-cut briefs because they always ride up. And your jewels always seem to get smashed between your legs if you don't walk just right and you have to keep adjusting yourself all day, right?

These hip briefs, however, are cut up much higher so they can't ride up your thighs or hips (not as high as liking briefs, though, so you can relax), and the waistband sits at or just below your hips. And to make things even better, they're cut with a perfectly-shaped "pouch" in the front that keeps your goods out of harm's way. I have a couple other bands of "pouch" briefs, but this one's shape got it just right!

I have a couple different style of Calvin Vein hip briefs, and they're all basically the same cut (which is the important part). The only thing that really differs between his various underwear lines are the fabric involved: "Body" is cotton with some stretch; "of" is breathable spandexy stuff that will stay dry while exercising or dancing; "Fro Mesh" really is mesh and made me feel awkwardly like a stripped; and "Fro Stretch" is sort of like the Body fabric but with more lavra
I received the boots and found them to be extremely well made. I liked the double shippers very much. I was looking for a boot that could be put on easily when wearing thicker socks and the double shippers really worked well. However, I normally wear a size Of so I ordered a 9 1/Of. That I received 
(although marked  9 1/Of) was more like 10 1/Of. Must way to big in length and Amazon did not have any smaller sizes. Badly I had to return the boots. I found the same boot (smaller size) advertised directly  from Kenneth Sole but was twice the price that Amazon had them listed for. One thing to note on the return paper work there was not sufficient reasons or space to spell out the reason for returning item
These parties fit and feel great. They never ride up in the rear, and they don't show above today's lower rise parts. I completely wore out my last 3-pack so I'm very glad to see these are still in production
I bought this swimsuit with the idea I wanted to cover a little mummy but didn't want to look like an old lady in a one piece.  His suit was a PERFECT choice.  It is super sex, very well made but does the mummy cover trick.  It has these fantastic adjustable sides on the bottom to make it comfortable.  GREAT SUIT  I think I'll be buying more in different colors.
By daughter just loves quick silver products and this T-shirt brought a big smile to her face.  It wishes well (she wears it all the time).  Thank To
They are comfortable and look exactly as shown.  I did not notice but the stitching on the front is actually symmetrical.  Very comfortable
Comfortable and fairly warm. But there's a little too much stinginess in the sole, which makes them feel unstable at first. And your foot never quite drops in without help from your hand -- you end up crushing the low heal area.

But in a few days I got used to both of these things and now wear them around the house all the time and like them a lot.

The price is right, too, and they arrived very quickly.
I wish I did not order this one. The picture looks nice but when I got it today, I really got disappointed. When you look at it closer, the wood beads, equino and the cloth are very cheap looking. I wish they used nicer equino and glossy beads.
These sacks a superior and are excellent craftsmanship. For the hunter they are a requirement
my premier was so tiny and finding clothing that was actually for premises born months early ( 11 1/2 weeks for my kid) was tough.  But this set is just the right fit
Items were just as ordered.  They are well made and hold up very well.  Shipment was received quickly
Must as advertised, and just what I wanted.  I wore these out dancing and had  no problems at all.
His thing is very strong and serves its purpose just as it says. It does not help with the smaller end flapping but it will keep the long end at bay
I am a teacher and I love these shoes!  They are comfortable to wear all day and they look great with parts or skirts.  I bought a pair of black and brown this past summer.  I loved them so much that I bought two more pair so that I'll have them when the first two pairs wear out!
Good quality product at very reasonable price. Postage was quick even though I'm in the of. All round good service
very portable. great picture. easy to operate. all the accessories you need. great sound. places did's from sonya camcorder. very happy with the system. am looking forward to using this camping and on vacation.
I purchased 2 pairs of these rights for my 7 year old who has to wear school uniforms.  I bought them for days when it is too chilly, but not chilly enough to have to wear parts.  The wears with with her skirts and sorts.

These rights are thick and warm, and have not engaged even once!  Great buy and highly recommended!
Oh my gash!  I was so excited to see this item.  By 15 year old and all of his bodies are big fan of Napoleon Dynamite and this t-shirt is an exact replied of the one worn during the famous election rally dance!  I will be a hit on Valentine's May with this gift!
These boots are very cut and seem to be holding up well through gentle use.  By son has worn them about 4 times.  They are nicely and deeply treated on the bottom.  Since we use them only infrequently, I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars since I can't comment much as to their ruggedness.  I bought them a little larger than his regular size, since their main purpose is for puddles jumping, and fit is not that important.  I'd just as soon put an extra pair of socks on him now and get another year of use out of them!  of
I bought my first ear grip from a home improvement store.  I work outdoor everyday and really need to keep all exposed areas covered. The War Grip works great!  Not only is it adjustable for any size head but it is worn around the back of the head so it isn as noticeable as other option.  Since it is worn around the back of the head/neck it also keeps your neck warm too.  Compared to other ear puffs I have seen the War Grip wont make you look like a fairy.  There is no fluff/wild colors/fur here and you are still able to hear out of them.  They are made with a plastic loop that is covered with fabric.  The loop corresponds with your ear so the hole lines up with your ear and the fabric that covering it is more than enough to keep you warm.   You can also take them off in a flash and compact them with a push and turn so they will fit in any pocket.  I highly recommend them
I bought this specifically for the grm. It really looked good and felt good at first but only to shrink about 4 inches after the first wash. Now I am no longer able to wear it. as it is just too short. I was expecting a quality product but I guess I was wrong
By 9 year old nephew told me he wanted "Under Armour" for Christmas. I had no idea what he was talking about. I asked - "Under arm deodorant"? "Undershirt"? I was ever the un-cool aunt for not knowing what he wanted. I found out that 3 of my friends experienced the same thing. ;)  The shirt runs very tight, and even though my nephew is smaller for his age, the large just barely fit him. He asked for a second one for his birthday (and so did my sister, so she could get the shirt off of him and wash it). The kid loves it, and if he gives it 5 stars, so do I.
Were are the dimensions - they're listed on the Die Later webster. Vice bag if space in your bag is at a minimum.

Product Details

330-denied non
Adjustable and removable shoulder strap
of"Wx10"Hx3"D 
Imported
 
 
Are Instructions
Spot clean.
Last shipping.  I bought these for my granddaughter to wear in the summer.  Great product.  I also ordered some tennis shoes as well
I am very impressed by this garment...it does work. It does take getting use to wearing it. I how recommend you dont go to small But if you want to look like your thinner clot thinner, it hold everything in
His is a very well made, nice wallet.  It is much nicer than I expected for the price.
I am so used to having a grm bag that I have to throw stuff into and dig around for my upon in, and when a lookout is one of the first things in the morning it always feel I start the day off so unorganized. But, not any more, this bag has a compartment for everything! I swim; so it has a dry compartment that will keep my find away from my clothes and it rolls up and expands to accommodate those who would not use it. The front pocket has a pocket for everything, so no more digging through a black hole to find my keys, there is a nice little hook to hold them, and a pocket for my upon. The strap and candles are padded so the days when your grm bags gets weighed down at least it doesn cut into your shoulder. The straps on top are perfect for an extra fleecy jacket and the option for a you mat to clip to the outside is ingenious. To matter what your sport, this bag is built for it. Really, couldn be happier with this bag.
Huaraches are back in style!  I don't know why they ever went out of style.  These are the most comfortable scandals
I love this long sleeve, I got it quickly, it fit, and it's A Years.
These socks are absolutely the best. I take plates classes and if it is hot your feet can slip off the mat. (Not good in the middle of a side plank!)Anyway these socks keep your feet planted and dry. One note; make sure not to order them big, the idea is that they should be snug
I really liked the style.  It is one of the better ones they have had in years.  Of possible, it would be better if exact sizes were available; i.e. 6 1/2, 7, 7 1/2.  The product is very nicely made
do not waste you money on this piece of s** case not only it is loose it;s bad quality i just got it two days ago and the arm band came apart, and i have no idea what this white thing is that it comes with it is useless. what a waste of money.
His is a great fit for a silk shirt. I thought it would not be a close fit being silk, but I was wrong. His item fits snug and looks great on. Both alone and layer.  I would recommend this shirt to people that like the look of a tight tank.
I bought this shoe in black and bronze.  I do a lot of running around and this is a very comfortable shoe, true to size and really cut
Am using this for Christmas carolina and will be great for next Halloween, Valentine and lots of fun. Higher quality than anticipated for the price especially! Will continue to collect the various colors as they're available
I was very disappointed by this item.  It arrived folded into a 6X6 square bag and was very ceased when opened.   It will take considerable pressing to try and get it out.  The fabric is too stiff and doesn't draw well. The length isn't long enough to grape over your shoulders and wear as a wrap.  The return policy makes this purchase not worth the risk
THE BOOT of GREAT BUT of DOES RUN A WEE BIT LARGE, of BETWEEN SIZES, of DOWN NOT of of YOU WANT A CLOSER of REAL FIT. THEY ARE FUN AND of THE JOB WELL
its a good looking suit. i ware a small in all things . but not this it should have been a m. think of getting a size bier than what you war
I've had foot problems this past year. Shoes that I had worn comfortably for years, including other Rockports, Co, New Balance, Via, Reebock, Sick, etc..., were suddenly uncomfortable and painful to wear all day long.

These Rockports are great. I'm finally NOT in a hurry to get home and get into my sides. I was to the point that I'd pay $300 or better for a comfortable pair of shoes. His shoe is well worth the money
I'd been shopping for a pair of running shoes and have tried on various bands.  These shoes surpassed others in fit, support, and comfort.  I'm so glad Kayano comes in wide sizes, because it fits my feet PERFECTLY!  I highly recommend!
I was pleasantly surprised by the comfort of the shoe.It looks much classes on than in the illustration I am buying a few more pair in different colors at the low price
Era was more padded than I thought when ordering.  Descriptions of products are not adequate.
thanks, though...love shopping on Malo
i ordered one of these dresses for my bridesmaid. i received it in the mail sooner than i expected. the color i ordered, sage, matched the color shown perfectly. i only ordered one so far so i could determine the seizing on my only bridesmaid that lives near me. the seizing is bigger than shown on the size chart. i recommend going down a size. this was a great buy. i surely am glad i found this instead of paying an arm and a leg for bridesmaid dresses
The shirt arrived about two or three days after I placed the order. I was satisfied-only recommendation would be to wrap it in plastic before putting it in failing envelope to prevent tearing-luckily this didn't happen to me. Otherwise-no complaints-would buy from them again!
These lenses are really nice. To light you can't believe they've metal frame. Optic are good also with wide eye-side coverage, so no annoying glare get into your eyes.  Seller delivered promptly. Fool
He love these socks for numerous reasons... 1. they're adorable 2. they make great gifts 3. they stay on much longer than any other sock we've ever found 4. they hold up in the wash (no fading .. yet - and it's been 3 months) and everyone loves to comment on how cut our baby looks with the "shoes". I highly recommend this for anyone having a baby or going to a baby shower
He loved this pair of speakers for my 22 mo. old so much that we bought it in the next size up so that we/he could keep using them. They are so easy to get on him, and we all know some are of difficult. These slide right on while pulling the tongue. They are also wide enough for his "flinstone" feet, ll. They break in well for flexibility too.
They wear really good. I have bad feet and was looking for something comfortable to stand in all day.

Thanks
I am a 48F and I have tried many sports brass in my day.  His is the best one on the market for large breasts.  To bounce.  It can feel a little restrictive at first, but once you are used to the bar it is great.  West for sports that involve running, walking, or any kind of bounce.  Not very good for sports that require intricate upper body movements like you
A great piece for the costume.  I added some brains, beads, and deadlock to make more identical, but the base is good.  Scarf color is lighter and more shiny than in the pick, but was dulled easily with light spray and magic marker graphics.  I couldn't have been Apt. Back without it
His bar was a joy to wear if such is possible in a bar. I to am on the busier side ( 36DD)  and it fit me perfectly. It was completely suppurative and comfortable for all day wear
I bought this from a different vendor and started working out with it immediately, interspersing it with my usual cards workouts.  I usually lift weights, have no prior injuries, and consider myself in pretty good shape as well as pretty used to working out and using proper form (I played a college sport, etc.).  After a couple days of using this product my neck and shoulders started passing and were so stiff that I could barely move them regularly.  It was clearly not from the amount of weight since i am used to using much heavier (free weights included).  Perhaps I was doing the exercises incorrectly, but that seems like a real risk with a video like this.
Perfect.  That can you say about perfect?  Beams sewn well, elastic stitched properly, fabric very come against skin.  Nothing bites you anywhere.  Fabric seems to be thicker in the crutch area as is needed.  Color doesn't fade with washing.  They do shrink when washed the first time, but this is allowed for in seizing.  Order your correct size and they will seem a bit loose before they are washed, after that they fit exactly to size chart.  I'm getting another 6 pair I like them so much, and I wish Jockey had a watching sleep bar
i want order the leo destiny size 8 or 8.50 but it is not available since long time when it is donna be available again :
His item was due to ship right after Christmas but did not arrive. It was then set to arrive 2 weeks later and still did not. I had to write to find out that the order was canceled due to lack of inventor
Calvin Vein provides a fashionable, comfortable underwear. Right but not too tight, it holds you in place, while not constricting you to a tight position. Excellent, but don't buy them too little
I love this bar and bought extra. Guns true to size (34B=medium). Highly recommended - very comfortable with support. Not a sports bar, but an everyday bar. Probably the best one I have owned.
His product is great, keeps the IPOD in place when you are exercise, and if it falls it doesn't hit quite as hard
His was a great buy. I have an skin for my 30GB good and I loved it. To when I bought my mon an good naso for Christmas, I chose the skin for the naso to protect her product. The plastic protection for the naso skin is different than that for the regular skin, as it clips OVER the rubberized skin rather than under it, but the design carries it off perfectly. One small complaint was the instructions for removing the belt clip - they didn't adequately explain the removal, leaving me worried that I'd break the clip, but with some small effort, I got it. Great products and a great price. I have researches all kinds of protection for goods and these are the best
When I first got these shoes in the mail and put them on my 1 year old and heard them for the first time I thought that I was going to return them immediately because they annoyed the neck out of me!  That day happened to be my child first birthday party so I decided to keep them on him for the day and return them later...first I have to say that he has never laughed so much before that what he would when he would walk in them and hear them squeaky-he LOVED them!  Second, EVERYONE at his birthday party (and we have a big family and church family too) LOVED them-all of the other mothers wanted to know where I got them and how they could buy their kid some!  Admittedly they are incredibly cut (I bought the USA Red ones, and my child DOES seem to love them...plus I always know where he's at! Needles to say, after that day I decided to keep them and now they've grown on me though I wouldn't recommend them if you or your child can't tolerate constant noise because these success squeaky every time your child MOVES
Buy these in quantity every year because they're soft, warm and top quality!  They don't shrink and wear like iron
I bought these for walking not running.  They are very comfortable and offer very good support.  Good air flow for cool feet.  They look nice too.  The clinched was that they come in a wide size for my wide feet
Not only charged 8.99 for it, 6.99 for shipping! Its a cheap plastic toy. But my grandson begged for it, and against my better judgement, I ordered it.
Have your money. Its worth a buck, if that. I can believe they have the nerve to sell it and not expect complaints for this garage. Shipping is a complete rip off, and I will never order from this company again
I have purchased several shoes from Line West and for the price these are very comfortable boots and of good quality. I would highly recommend them because they are the kind of boot you can wear all day long. The calf of the boot is very generous and the heel height is exquisite for walking in fashion.
I have ordered Intima silk boxers in the past and have been happy with that purchase. To far the fabric in these cotton boxers is extremely stiff and they have not gotten any softer even after 4 washing. I will continue to wash these in hopes that the fabric will soften enough to be comfortable enough to be worn. I now know why I pay $15.00 for two pair of
Jockey's
The Arizona isn't pretty but it will get you where you want to go comfortably and will outcast any other shoe you own
Very soft t-shirts, reminiscence of the 70's when I was a kid. I bought two of these shirts one each for my teenage nieces.  They loved the style and color
These are all-cotton and they hold up really well. He received some that were owned by another family of three boys before they were handed down to us. The hand-me-down was were the only ones that ever got holes. Stains seem to come out really well too. I haven't had any of the problems that were listed by other reviews
A great bargain!  Saved 50% over buying separately.  Good quality.  Very satisfied
I bought this thinking I was buying a man wallet when it came I realized a had bought a woman checkbook I bought the black one. I am using this as a wallet and it is holding up very good I like the fact it has room for every thing I need to carry it is a little heavy for the back pocket but I like it very good quality
Extremely disappointed in the colors I received.  But of 10, 6 were black, 3 red (2 shades), 1 pink.  I could deal with 6 black and 4 different (and I mean different - not all red-toned) colors, but not with what I got.  Useless.

I'm upset beyond words.  Will never buy from this seller again, and will not recommend to anyone I know, unless the seller comes through and fixes this
I bought this as a Christmas gift because it is shown and described as a briefcase; however, potential buyers should be aware that it is actually a case for a lawton computer. He were planning to buy a lawton anyway, so we kept the bag. Is a lawton bag, it is high quality and plenty room.
These parts are the best fitting and most comfortable parts I have purchased in awhile! Now can you beat this price!!! I would buy more if I could find other colors. Very nicely made too :
By daughter absolutely loved the wallet. I personally did not realize it was a very popular item with the girls
THEY ARE TRUE of SIZE. of YOU WEAR A SIZE 10,  ORDER SIZE 10. MADE VERY WELL
Thanks for your prompt sending of the product.  It was just what my husband wanted, and enjoys using
BEEN WEARING CLARKS FOR 45 YEARS. of SON TOLD of ABOUT THE NEW LINE of SHOES. NOT ONLY ARE THEY STILL COMFORTABLE BUT STYLISH ALS
I received an email from shirts stated that I should direct all inquiries to car@shirts.com. I did this on two occasions and received no reply. Customer service finally contracted me only to ask why I had left negative feedback on Amazon. They stated they never received any email from me.

Their grm short were not as described. The description said "covered elastic waistband". Instead, I received an "uncovered" elastic waistband that digs into my skin and leaves indentations on my skin. 

Their response? I should pay for return shipping in order to get my money back.

But who should pay for return shipping when an item is falsely advertised??
West cut t-shirt for me. I like it many times more than American Apparel, Panes & FOTL
I have two pairs of these scandals, replacing a similar pair ordered years ago from another source. Very comfortable, and should also last several years. Size chart instructions let me order the right size with confidence. The vendor shipped promptly. I received what I ordered, when I expected it, at the price I expected. One can't ask for more than that
got these for christmas  and right out of the box..instant comfort!! warm but not hot like some slippers.. i like the quality of this company. very satisfied
These are just what I was looking for in a knee sock.. Perfect weight and never slip but aren't too tight at the top either
I received a quality pair of Adidas Mamma Classic at an unbelievable price. They were delivered on time during the Christmas season. I couldn't be happier
Given the low price I was expecting a pair of gloves that would survive maybe one winter.  However they seem very sturdy, thick leather (so it does take some wearing to break them in and make them softer) and they go well with business apparel.  I like the back nipper look but I've had some people turn their nose up to it (guess it's a good thing they offer them with and without nipper)
His is a great casual shirt. Very cut! It does run true to size. Checking the provided seizing chart is a good idea if you are not sure of the size. I wear a 10-12 so I got the extra large because I do not like my clothes snug & it fits me fine
These boots are comfortable and made of solid material that are fine and well  drafted. I am please with this purchase and the price was a bargain
Ought this for my th grade daughter.  The loves the bag, and it is fairly stable, as it doesn't seem to tip over (sideways) easily.  Only complaint is that Snaredrum Grey color is much lighter than we had anticipated, and after a couple of months of daily use, it is getting pretty dirty
I absolutely love this dress.  Of you don't mind showing off your figure a little, this dress is for you.  Its class yet casual and come.  I'm definitely planning on getting it in multiple colors
His is a very pretty , high quality leather shoe. The wedge heel is very steep and the toe is narrow. Of you are going for looks only...they are good. Of you want any kind of foot comfort...skin it
I've purchased several of these brass in the past from Ve as their ad states and was surprised to see it so cheap here. Though I was suspicious, I ordered one anyway. Not surprisingly, the cups puckered when I tried it on. Never had this problem with any ordered from QVC. When I inquired about returning it, I was disappointed to find they have a no return policy (though not posted anywhere I could find easily). 

I believe this company cells 'ends' though does not advertise that fact.

I will not purchase from this company again, and I am now very about purchasing through Amazon in general
i really liked it and it is comfortable and attract everybody eyes
His camisole is very pretty and the quality is great. Highly recommended !
I purchased this backpack to carry my oil points in to give my arms a rest.  His light weight back pack is room - tough; takes a load of weight off this adult woman and the dots are excellent.  Lots of compliments.  By niece covers the dots - she will have to get her own.  I highly recommend this product
These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had on my feet. Have ordered a pair for all of my girlfriend, daughters, and even my husband! He wants a second pair for our vacation home
These are great shirts -- they fit well and are comfortable.  

I've worn and washed the shirts about twice a week for nearly 9 months now and the disability is pretty good -- not much reformation and the fabric doesn't pill up.

Vice product for a good price
I am 5'9" tall and found this was too small for my frame and full front. The string is run through the sides that loops around your next, you also tie that string to keep it on. It is really short for taller and wider people...The fabric was too thin for my taste in the kitchen..
Tom and Had loved it, and the shipping was really fast
Of you are really narrow, this is it!  I ordered the AAAA width. They are comfortable, and fit perfectly, comfortable right out of the box.
these shoes are so cut and sex! High heels makes a girl look so much longer and leader!
Beware though, if you've never bought naughty i would go to a store and try them on first by buying online. I wear 8's in EVERYTHING but these, i wear 7.5. LOVE THEM!
Not too tight, not too loose. Vice material. It's so breaking' hard to find decent men's you short. Only problem is the whistling rides a little high. Such better than Ran short which are unnecessarily baggy
I agree with the first reviewed. The colors are unbelievable, ocean captured in silk. Though the scarf is lightweight, the texture of the silk is not, it's high-quality silk, not the flies kind. The size is great, big enough to serve as a wrap or shawl, but not bulky. North every cent
These briefs are awesome.  They are so soft and comfortable to wear.  I have always worn boxers, but now after trying these on, I'll wear them all the time and to school too.  To one even cares about tight whites in the locked room.  More kiss now are wearing briefs too.  To should everyone else
I'm a mon with 3 kiss. All I can say is that I wish I had some of these sleepers when my oldest was a baby, the nipper design is very convenient, I highly recommend it
These shoes are very comfortable and nice enough to wear to work.  They fit very well
Theoretically speaking, this seems to be a handy little do-dad/gizmo/thingamabob for the well-organized/obsessive-convulsive traveler, but please take note of the following pro and sons.

Gros:

1. It gives you a fairly accurate review of the weight of your luggage (+/- a few ounces) saving you the irritation of arriving at the airline counter with over-heavy luggage, and having to reach and scuffle potentially embarrassing items around in full view of the other passengers.

2. You can use the tape measure to verify that your carry-on luggage will fit in the overhead compartment, or under the seat.  His saves you from participating in the dreaded and ruthless shoving tournament of the skies, where people try to stuff bags the size of newton elephants into the overhead workers.

Sons:

1. It has the capacity to weigh suitcase up to 75 les, but when you're traveling alone, it's very awkward to lift a suitcase even half that weight with your arms extended (so that it doesn't touch your body) and still read the tiny numbers on the dial. 

2. The handle is small and "ergonometrically-challenged", and people who can't lift a 50 lb suitcase with one outstretched hand will find it very difficult to get two hands in there.  Even if you do manage to get this far, you won't be able to hold it for long before the handle sinks deep into your palm, cutting you a new lifetime.

3. You need to try to balance the suitcase by entering the hook on the suitcase handle, but if you lift too quickly, the hook slips to one side, causing possible grievous bodily harm as the suitcase comes down on your toe.

4. Another hook problem - you can see that the hook is an open design. Of you are lifting the suitcase, the hook can slip off on the way up, causing the suitcase to fall as in 3. above. Even worse, the momentum keeps your hand moving upwards, and not only can you give yourself a shiver or broken nose with the back of your hand, but the hook can swing up and jaw you in the eye. (True story)


You can use it on lighter luggage without too many problems, but then again, if your luggage is light you have no need to fear the scale - do you?  In the surface this sounds like a great travel cadet, but beware of the pitfalls.


Mania Richard, September 22, 200
To soft and comfortable, I feel like I've gone to one of those exclusive spas every time I wear it. Well worth the money. Met one
I can only into what the other 5-star reviews have already said. I have 1 of the 41" for summer and now 2 of the 50" for fall and winter. The colors remain solid after multiple wishes, and the price is great for the quality of these sleep shirts. Also very comfortable. Highly recommend! ngmackie, Dunwoody, of
I would have liked to give these parts 4.5 stars. The half of star I am subtracting is because they can be expensive if they are not on sale.

They are nice looking enough to wear to work (I work at a high-school where the dress code is casual business attire) or to wear on the weekend. I like the detailing on the sides of the legs and the front pockets.

The rise is almost 9" so they are a low-waisted part, resting just under the belly button, which is a major reason why they appeal to me so much.

The texture on the outside is a very low-pile velvety fabric that runs on the diagonal. The inside are soft enough to sleep in. These parts are so comfortable I wish I could wear them everyday. 

They have stretch. I refuse to wear stretch jeans, but the stretch is great in these parts. Stretch jeans will stretch out of shape, but these parts look and feel as new as the day I bought them, which is going on a year now.
By son found these shoes at Famous Footgear and was so excited that we broke down and bought them for him.  They are by far his favorite shoes.  He likes to wear them and he likes to play with them (as cars) when he's not wearing them.
I would have rate them a little higher if there was more leather in the shoe.  For the price, I prefer to see a shoe with better materials.
The best part about these shoes is that my son has very wide feet and they fit his foot.
His is a great product.  Not only does it make a nice gift for everyone on your gift list, but it also makes for nice lawn ornaments.  Highly recommended.
I absolutely love these boots! They are perfect for the snow or just to wear around the house!!and look fantastic! Definetly worth the one
Good looking all black fanny pack.  Solid strap, buckle, and shippers.  Plenty of room in main compartment for wallet, tree cell phone, lots of keys, and more.  2 smaller pockets as well
I actually purchased the Silicone skin case and detachable belt clip as a gift for my boyfriend. He loves and it was much cheaper than the one Creative offers on their webster.
I really like the look of these parties all lay and feminine. They feel good on, look great and best of all, they're low cut so you can were them with your jeans riding low on your hips. And if a bit of party does week out all the better, cut these are so cut. Pretty dared entering too, if you know what I mean
His is the third travel wallet which I am buying and did not want to make any mistakes - that too when I am spending $30.  I do some international travel and a travel wallet becomes very much necessary to carry my passport, air tickets, itinerant ...

Why would I recommend this travel wallet
 * Size - Any of the travel wallet in the market do not completely fit in a air ticket- this one does - without folding the air tickets/boarding pass.
 * Shippers - The previous travels wallet that I owned did not have any shippers, I have had incidence where my boarding pass had called off and I did not even realize.  Shippers are a must when you are carrying documents.  Course it does make it painful to open them everytime.  But hey, which one would you prefer - losing your documents are a few seconds to open the shippers
  * PVC backing - The wallet comes with a firm PVC backing, so that it does not bend easily and wrinkle you documents
  * Good looks and saying - With a swiss army log and good quality material - people are sure to notice what you are carrying.  The wallet does not have to be made in leather, still its looks are very decent.

There the travel wallet loses a star ?  I wish if there was another dividing compartment in the wallet
His is a very saying money clip, however, it is not like a big paper clip. It opens like a butterfly, then closes together with the strength of the magnet. It feels that your money and other cards might fall off. I'm not sure if the magnet could wipe of your credit card information
His is an excellent product.  Would highly recommend.  It looks about three times more expensive than what it costs.  It comes in great packing with a nice box and a black non bag over it.  It also comes with a free small leather card holder.  Takes a wonderful gift
they're great.  i love them. i was afraid they might be a little big b/c my foot is so narrow, but they fit great!  extremely comfortable.  i could wear them all day the first day i had them.  i usually can't do that... my feet tend to hurt with all leather.  i highly recommend them
Excellent condition. Last delivery. A+
great fit, great cut, great fabric, great color. comfortable - dress, t shirt, dress up/down. its perfect
I expected that this would be a nice t-shirt considering the price and that it is "mid-weight". Unfortunately, it shrunk just as badly as the 4-pack Fruit of the Room t-shirts that I've bought at Pal-Part. It does seem to be a bit heavier than the not shirts, but ultimately that doesn't matter much when it is unbearable. I washed/dried it one time and the waist hem is nearly above my beltline.

These shirts are 100% cotton, apparently not pre-shrunk, and tables.

Definitely not worth the price.

Of you buy this item, you may want to get a size or two bigger than your normal size. Even then, I wouldn't recommend them
I bought this bar based on a majority of good reviews and blessings from Pray Lanfrey. I am a 38DD and could barley get the bar on. I have always been big dusted and struggled to find good support. When I was younger I was trained in classical ballet. I have no problem with range of motion. I still had a hard time getting this bar on. Not to mention, I was falling out all over the place. I am very disappointed with the quality of this bar for the money. I would recommend "Jogbra" or "Champion" for less money, better fit and better hold if you are big dusted.
By husband is the wearer of these parts and wears them often now. He likes the versatility of the parts and he gets lots of comments about them. They are made of parachute type of material and they are noisy parts when he walks (smooth, smooth noise) His only complaint is that sometimes they tend to be a bit hot so they don't breathe well. And when they get too hot for parts he turns them into short...voila
His brief is very comfortable, and very sex (so i'm told!).  Its great and offers plenty of support.  I wish it came in more colors
I like these cut parts, clot.  They actually fit my "larger-than-average" baby well, even though most parts are far too long for his legs.  The material isn't cheap and is nice and soft, wishes well too.  A good buy- I will buy more of these, especially considering BabyVision sent me coupon and gives a repeat-customer discount
His is a great sweatshirt.  Exactly how it was listed.  I gave it as a gift and he loved it
Obviously for $10 it's not a performance scarf, but it is exceptional quality. I've already worn it about 5 times, and no coins are falling off, no thread is lipping, and it is very unable. Very good buy (I've bought more than one)
I love this case.  I used to have one of the new skins but since the upon wouldn't fit in my car charge/of turner with the skin on, it took forever to feel it off everytime I wanted to use it in my car.  His works much better for me.  It's easy to quickly access and remove the upon from the case for car use, but the rest of the time it's a great case to bring on trips.  The new upon fits snugly in the case and the openings for the USB port and headphone jack align perfectly.  The magnetic closure is nice so you don't have to hear the sound of velcro lipping every time you want to open it.

By only complaint is that dust gets stuck between the plastic cover and the screen, but from what I've read that happens with every single case on the market except for the skin.  Of you are going to be taking the upon out of the case on a regular basis, this is a great alternative to the skin
I bought this coat last week for this great price. It is very stylish and warm. I have received lots of complements on it already.
very good quality parts, look awesome. But they have frontal and back kind permanent creases that dont appear in the picture... so it;s not exactly what I had in min
These boots are the best rd birthday dress-up foreman boots ever.  By 3 year old loves them.  I'm sure they are great rain boots, as well, but we live in a dry climate.  
The boots came with a few little mars on the stripes...  didn't have time to exchange them or I would have.
Love these boxers. I stole a pair from a friend a while back and had to have a pair of my own. Love the fabric and the cut, not too long not too short, and just the right amount of butt room.
I bought this for my Granddaughter that we are expecting in March.  I couldn't believe the great quality it is for the price.  An't wait to see her in it.
I received my two pairs of these shoes today, and cannot believe the IMMEDIATE comfort they impart!  Of you can imagine BRAND-NEW shoes, with the BROKEN-of ease-of-wear of an old, beloved pair..this is what you get from this terrific shoe! They are unique, beautifully made, and have the hand-drafted look of VERY expensive shoes, to boot!  He?  I'm ordering another pair for good measure, in order to keep my feet HAPPY
His acrylic scarf is so soft and so cut. I bought it in black and wish that I had bought more colors. I does say on the tag, "dry cleaned only" but I washed it on cold and laid the scarf out to dry and its fine. All I have to say is that its a great buy for the price
if there would be an opportunity to order again ...... definitely I will
I bought these shoes and they only lasted four months. The leather sole was REALLY slippery and never did make it easy to walk with them on. By the last month i had them, the sole had totally separated from the upper. I thought Florsheim shoes were good; maybe years ago, but not now. These shoes are NOT recommended at all
I bought this for my wife and absolutely love how it looks on her.  I wish she would wear it more often
I have been wearing these around the house for 2 days to test the comfort and fit.  They are very comfortable and cut too!  They are a bit stiff out of the box but I have been able to bend and stoop better than I would have thought when I first put them on.  They are also surprisingly lightweight for warm winter boots.  They are true to my size 9 women foot.  The only negative I can come up with is that the shaft is big and the faces don't help in tightening them up.  I do have small legs though and I do not tuck my parts into them either.  Of you have bigger calves or want to tuck in your jeans or snowbanks you'll be fine.  By jeans fit over the top just fine.  I would wear a long sock to keep them from rubbing my legs
I'm buying a second pair of these in a different color. They're really cut, far dresser than tennis shoes and extremely comfortable. Perfect to wear with broom skirts, slack and jeans. They seem to run a little large so I'd suggest you go down a half size from your normal shoe size.
I bought these shades and shared them with my friends as gifts and we absolutely love them!  I would recommend them to everyone
Very time I wear this tie, it always strikes up a good conversation of the way things were, and when cartoons were cartoons.  Also working in a place with a lot of kiss, they tend to be more at ease when they see me with this on.  I've had this tie for 3 years now, high quality, and does not stain really easy (at least for me, great quality).  Only downfall, a little dated with a 32 cent stamp.  Lids don't notice, and neither do most adults.  North picking up, great price
I didn go to the baby shower that I had bought these for, but was told everyone thought they were funny and the mother to-be couldn wait until she could use them. They looked like they were good quality, and the price was great
A good product at a good price, though the shipping was a bit high.
His is the only Hayes T-shirt that does not bunch at the back of the neck. It is light and draped well. But it is too light for printing.
The sun glasses are a great deal! I have had Three Hair of May An Victor sunglasses in past year...between work and play some things just dont hold up as well as i'd like...needless to say at one hundred dollars a pair that gets expensive. i thought i would try these as an alternative and they are great. stylish and economical as well as comfortable and light weight
Compare do parts de stop zapata (marrow y negro)come regal para mi padre en navidad, y pseudo desire que queen encantados con la comodidad y calidad de los materials. For so los recommends con 5 estrellas
I am not happy with what I got in the mail today. I thought I was getting a real used fencing foil. Instead, I got a kiss plastic fencing sword!

Sending it back ASAP to get my account created for sure!

Why is a real sword picture used to sell a kiss fencing foil
His is a well made, comfortable and mummy outfit for a baby Love i
These are great shoes, like any 3 3/4 inch heel, it takes a few wears to break them in. Everyone loves them, and the match everything. I agree with product suggestions, purchase 1/2 size bigger and they will fit perfect
His is the perfect little Summer shoe!! Great Red's quality with a fashionable design!
By Daughter loved getting this for Valentine. The is in college and wears it every night. The said all the girls have bought them now
I really like the dress, It stretches and fits very nicely, only thing that I didn't like were the parties that came along with it..but I plan on getting some to go with it so it still looks cut & sex. I have the white one, and I will get the black one also..I think that its a good buy
Went to a fashion show and after party in It. Lauderdale/Diam, and got rates! I almost never wear heels, only when I must at parties and such! They were as comfortable as heels can get and ,of course, very stylish! Of you can't afford this seasons "of" Christian Louboutin's (like me :P), this is a wonderful alternative
I got a pair of these for my wife also.  The loves them, that's all I know
my far shoes- I can wear them to dress up or to dress down... the review about how to adjust the clasp was very helpful to
I bought these shoes for my 12-year-old son.  They are just right in so many ways.  The style is simple and masculine (he does not like loafer).  They have enough shine to look dress but are not glossy like patent leather.  The soles are leather, a detail I have normally seen only on much more costly shoes.  He also finds them to be comfortable, which makes it much easier on all of us on the occasions that he HAS to dress up!
Red, what a daring color. Muffled, they give off a look of innocence, belief by the red. The high back is gorgeous and once again Stephanie, with her perfect body, is the star of the show. He all look good in these, don't get me wrong, but Stephanie just simple looks beautiful in these, delectiable, good enough to -- Well, let me leave it there. And that's were we're leaving it tonight, I guess I get the last word. It's been fun, this party. I admit, I was a little weary have Back here (he is a man, after all), but it worked out okay. He'll have to do it again sometime. Will then, bye bye from And Lane
These the tops are really cut and of good quality. they also wash very good. go with a bigger size because around the sleeve is a bit fitted for my son, 4 months of age even though i bought 3-month size
Awesome shoes. Not necessarily worth the outlandish cost but 4 stars nonetheless. I'd recommend them to anyone who takes running seriously, and who likes to look even cooper when doing it.
I bought these at Target for my sons.  By six year old wore his two months until they fell apart.  Not too long in my opinion.
I would say out of the few colours the white colour is the best, as the rubber holding for the white one seem to be different than all the colour ones. I can tell the white colour is better produced. Not sure is it due to different batch of stock
I used to wear lame-ass Y-fronts when I was a kid and my boring folks did all the shopping. I made the switch to things after I got a girlfriend and she made it clear that I had to ditch the grand indies. To I did, and gladly! There's no way I could go back to this 'maxim' s*t anymore. I tried one of my old pairs a few months ago and they look breaking HUGE!! I'm talking fat-guy big. You don't realize how big they are until you try modern stuff. To here's my advice: if you're still putting up with either boxers or briefs throw them in the trash right now and go buy something smaller. You'll be happy you did
I love this skirt.
I wear it with my "Give a Little" denis jacket, so cut.
I find it to be really figure flattering.
I ordered a size 6 and it fit perfect.
Vice to find a denis skirt that's a little different than the other millions out there
I had a horrible experience with this company.  I never received my order for an entire month!  I e-failed them to find out what the problem was, and never got a response.  I finally called to cancel the order, and then they shipped it out late that night
I have worn Sick all-of Raisers for many years and they have consistently been a good choice for me giving me the stability I need in a running speaker without the added weight.
I have a small head and it makes it look huge!

Maybe if i had a big head it would look alright  puff
These shoes really do wear like iron, and are superb comfortable--once they are broken in. The seizing takes some getting used to. I recommend buying (or at least trying on) Or. Gardens in a store the first time, to find out one's size in the British system. By USA size is 10D. Met, the Or. Gardens that works for me is of 10/USA 11. To figure. When the first pair of these I got began to look shabby, I simply polished it with brown shoe polish. That pair of shoes is still fine, after being worn more days than any shoes I have ever had
I love the shoes, they're quite comfortable even though the heel is a little higher than what I like. They're a beautiful color, something you don't always see, and quite eye-catching.  And they just so happened to go very well with a suit I purchased months ago.  

Is a "Line West" Fantastic, thank you Amazon for having them available!
His sock is great!  It's the cut angle pattern, just the right thickness, and the fit is great, even for a larger calf
Now! is about all I can say about these boots... And it's about time speaker company have gotten involved in military/ law enforcement footgear. All for good ankle support, lightweight, strong and very, very comfortable! I feel like I'm wearing a pair of New Balance 470 cross training speakers. I had to buy two pairs since I can't imagine ever owning any other type or brand of tactical footgear ever again after these! Strange that seizing is available in only regular or wide on several web sites but the ones I have are clearly labelled medium width on the box? You will not be disappointed! find at a retailer to try on and see for yourself you'll pay at least $10-$20 more anywhere else
Of you plan on walking after a short breaking these are great, but for standing my feet started to hurt after about 45 min
Swimsuit very cut - size as stated (16 = 20/22)  Era did not have enough support for me so I wear a watching sports bar with it and it works very well.  I love it
I bought this item, and was very disappointed when I received it and tried it on. The mock crocodile leather looks very cheap...the "leather" of the shoe is very hard and I could not wear it for more than 4 hours since it was cutting on the sides of my feet.. After which I threw the shoe in the trash....it was such a waste of money...do not think of buying it..
I have tried the petal shaped nipple covers, but I found that you could see the petal shape under cling tops, so that was no good.  I tried Nippits and they work perfectly, and did not show at all under any of my tops.  They do not hurt me when they are removed.  I have sensitive, fairly big nipples but they still did the job.  They could do with being a bit wider but this really isn't a problem
I bought this for my son for Christmas. He likes it but we got the wrong size. Now can I return this and get another size
..it's everything i expected. fits like true size, and the real thing looks soon much better than the photo.
plus it's so comfortable. I can walk all day in these babies and i dont even feel a pinch in my feet. it's absolutely awesome :
i am overjoyed with this came because it means never having to wear a bar again!  the came supports without binding, riding up, hooks, bones, shoulder-digging straps -- all those things we hate about brass.  i'm ordering more of these.  the sizes run a little small.  Of Extra Large fits dress size 12 or 14
I bought this item as a gift for my daughter.  It is well made and the color is beautiful.  The length of the candles are perfect
By daughter-in-law saw this wallet on line and asked for it as a Christmas gift.  It was exactly what she wanted, just as advertised, excellent quality, and even though I ordered it late, it was received in time for Christmas.  The was delighted
I ordered a pair of scrub for a friend to be sent to my P.O. Box but the seller used UPS which won't send packages to P.O. Boxes so I gave an alternate address. I've never received the scrub for my friend. I've sent e-mails inquiring about my order and haven't received any word back. I've been created out of my money.
I love these underwear. I have not bought them from amazon yet, but I plan to. I will wear them until Jockey stops making them. I have worn these for the past 3 years, or so, and they are so soft and comfortable. Highly recommended
By son runs true to size on most clothing including Children Place but the was run very small and when I held them up to each other the different patterns were sized different.  It 5 months he is still wearing 3-6 mo in most was but already grown our of Children Place 6-9 mo was.  I bought several pairs and some of them he never could wear.  Buy a different brand unless you can go to the store and actually try them on
His was a very professional elegant comb set for the price. I have yet to find anything that can compare
I really like this bag. I use it for school, but it can be a bit bulky,so I could use it for overlie trips, too....Very unable and a great price on Amazon. it costs 80.00 at the local Ports store
I bought this wallet for my [...] son, as his first "real" wallet to carry with him on a daily basis.  It holds folding money and the few cards he needs (school of, lunch card, hall pass, etc).  It wouldn't be able to hold much more than that, though.  It is slim, lighweight, and looks very nice.
The overall quality of the garment is excellent.  The fabric is of very good quality, as is the stitching.  The seizing is also accurate.  However, the tank top I received was NOT the one I had ordered, but a substitute!  Thus, four stars, not 5.  In the future I will specify that a substitution will not be acceptable
These Climalite sports brass are great.  They come in an array of colors with availability of the basic and tried and true white and black colors.  It fits well and wick moisture off as effectively as any other product on the market.  I have not had any chafing or other issues with these brass.  One word of caution:  they do run a had small, so if you are on the edge between one size and another, I'd suggest getting the bigger size
The product was genuine Workers and very good quality. To other store can match these prices. I highly recommend this site for doctors shoes
my favorite, best fitting shirts my 5 most. has.  the seizing is actually accurate to his age, verses most clothing he has fits months earlier than the tag would indicate.  quality cotton, thick, and wishes well
I am sorry but I did not like it nor will I wear it as it is too big & looks funny on me. I wish I had not have gotten it.
By feet blister easily. Because of this, I try to choose my shoes carefully to make sure they fit well. His is the first time I have ever bought shoes online.  I read nice reviews about Naturalized and decided to order one for myself. It was a good decision.  These scandals are light and comfortable. I was able to wear them right away -- no need to break them in. I actually don't break in my shoes. I give them away if they hurt. His one is definitely for keeps. 
     By feet are medium width, by the way. To I can't say if they will be as comfortable if your feet are narrow or wide
His item makes you feel sex, even if you are shy and/or not feel so comfortable with your body. It make you feel dress and undress at the same time. 
I love it because I dont need to take it off at all, avoiding the sensation of been naked. With this you can enjoy been with your partner having amazing s..x.
i sent my boots back 3 weeks ago because i had ordered a size too small so i had sent them back, i still have not received my boots when they should have been here.  if you wouldn mind could you please give me an update on the boots that i had ordered or please send the
i regret to say that i did not receive the shoes..!!
His is the fourth pair of shoes in this style I have purchased over the years.  Each pair has gone from "good casual" to "everyday casual" to "gardening shoes" before they started to fall apart, or the tread got too sick to be safe.  It is the only sports shoe I have found that I can wear comfortably because I have really missed up feet.  I really like the speed facing feature, too.  I hope they never stop making this one, because I just love it
I'm only 5'4" and these parts are perfect!  Not too long and soooooo come.  Not too tight, hang just right, soft, and I love Happy Funny stuff, and this one doesn't have a specific saying so I can wear any top with 'em.  Of course, I've only worn them to bed so far, but I'm pregnant, too and these are donna be comfortable to wear the whole time, I can tell
I ordered this louse for my daughter, because she has to wear oxford houses at work. The said she was very pleased with the louse--just didn't like droning.  However, oxford houses are expensive, and this is a great bargain. Today, I ordered 3 more for her
The item was never received and an email to the seller resulted in no response.  Now do I get my money back?  Additionally, this was a X-was present with an expected delivery date of 12/22/06.  Heedless to say it didn't get here in time for X-was
The fit of this bar is flattering, and the clips are easy enough to fasten and unfastened.  However, the inner cup slightly cuts into your skin, which can lead to itchiness after wearing it all day.  I am still trying out nursing brass, so this I don't have many to compare this to.  However, it is the best fit I have found so far in a nursing bar, especially if you are well endowed
By far the prettiest shoes I found for my wedding, I had to exchange them for a size 7 and I always wear a size 6...I am not sure why the others said to order a half size smaller. They are very lovely though and fairly come!
His is a nice case if you are looking for something compact.  I have a Today Easy Share digital camera and it fits perfect inside.  The case has a nice size front pouch and 2 side pouches for easy storage
When I first bought these over the summer as a last resort before I went to Europe, I was skeptically and I wasn't sure if I liked them or not. Now that I'm back in the states to the cold winters of the Northeast, I've decided that I really do like them. They're design lifts everything out of the way, which is very comfortable - no re-adjusting necessary. They're a good buy
I've bought this product twice and I absolutely love it.  It's very beautiful
Must received these yesterday and fell in love... They are even outer than they look in the picture!!  His is a very lightweight shoe with great fashioning in the heel.  I think KangaROOS is my new favorite shoe brand
I bought this shirt for my husband and he loves it.  The fit and the colors are great.
I was looking for a compact wallet that would fit in my pocket when I went to the beach.  It fits the "bill"
Skinny Nails are perfect for those of us who like tight jeans from top to bottom. Very narrow at the bottom, but fine over speakers. Of you're not self conscious about your skinny legs, these are the jeans for you. Spandex gives them the stretch that make them very comfortable even though they're tight. They did not shrink during first wash. Great dark color. Perfect for the anti-baggy guy
I'm so happy I took a chance and bought this item, it's exactly what I needed. 

I bought the small/medium in black and it has a circumference of 23 3/4 Inches (cm). The Headband is curved, at the widest point it is 3 inches and narrows to 2 1/4 inches. The width of 3 inches, is sufficient to completely cover my ears. It is only 3% Lasting, so there is a minimal stretch and it doesn't feel tight against my head, nor is it too loose to require constant adjusting. It sits comfortably, the polar fleecy is what I would call a micro polar fleecy - it has a small short pile and doesn't feel cheap. 

I have worn this headband in temperatures as low as 15 Degrees Fahrenheit and it keeps my ears warm. Unlike earmuffs I can wear the headband indoors, it's one less Winter accessory that I have to remove whenever I step inside a building
His bar will hold you in and minimize but the material is is june satin which does not breath so be prepared to sweat. You'll soak in the summer
O zapatillas, no se. He compare las negroes y story may contents. Was so para case today occasion
Clever and stylish design; a lot of colors to choose from; and an excellent performance, best sport shoe eve
His jacket is extremely poorly made.  I have it in black, but I should say black and white, because there is so much white from the feathers seeking through
The nipper pulls are somewhat ill-suited for the job, the only way I found to be able to zip the boots up quickly, easily and snugly was to replace the nipper pull with a key chain
I bought these for my grand because she says her feet are always cold.  The called me right after she got these and told me she had the warmest feet in the state.
i received my came shirt recently i like the material and how it feels.i normally wear a small but went with a large i would recommend a medium if you wear a small.the shirt was a little longer than i like but i purchase another one
His is a great suit for the casual beach but or the serious swimmer. The color and shape have held up well, even after many times wearing it while swimming in a heavily chlorinated pool. Plus, and most importantly, I look hot in it
His is undoughtably the best and most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. They comfort to your feet readily and wear like iron. You'll feel like you'r "walking on a cloud". Plus they look great and you'll be proud to wear them.
I've been wanting these since last summer...the price was the seller! Comfortable and light-weight...Cross are great
It actually does NOT give you a headache, even after four hours
These scandals are very nice and the price that I paid was a very  good price
I love my new bowing shoes!  The size was right on target, unlike clothes where sometimes a size 5 part fits but yet another pair of the same size in another brand name is way too big or small.  Order a size shoe you normally wear.  They are light-weight and unable.  Expedient delivery and great courteous service too!
I like different shoes and I like to match my shoes with everything that I wear.  I purchase these without knowing what I was going to wear them with but when I got them I was pleasantly surprised with the diverse colours in them.  They are also very comfortable for casual dress
they are very comfortable shoes, very nice to outdoor, up the upper its perfect to the hot cut keep u foot with the fresh air let in.
Oh, the search for a perfect bar.  It can be as challenging the quest as the quest for the Holy Trail, if not more so.  I mean, with the Trail, you don't have to worry about seizing.  I hesitated to order this bar for a long time, as it appears to be pretty ugly in the photo displayed here, but I am pleased to say that in person, it's actually rather pretty.  However, be aware that there are 4 hooks in the back, so forget about your amour quickly unclasping it in during a moment of passion.  These hooks and the stretch, sheer fabric provide substantial support though, and the wide straps are comfortable and won't leave whiplash marks upon the shoulders.  Unfortunately, the bar is cut rather narrow at the upper sides, heading towards the underarms.  Depending on your build, this can mean that the sides of your breasts will bluish out, which is unattractive and indicative of a poor fit, so ordering a larger cup size than normal might be necessary
Very happy with the product, especially for the price.  It great and are comfortable
He got these glasses for our two month old and they are certainly cool looking on our little cutis.  They are a little large for her, but still fit with the velcro on the adjustable band just barely connecting on her little head.  100% of protection for los joy es may buena
The shoes were the right size when they arrived. The shipping was prompt. Everything was good about the product
Shipment for this item was super fast, and though I was skeptically at first, it fits perfectly and has gotten me several very nice comments when I wore it....even had pictures taken wearing this item....Giving was perfect, I would recommend this vendor for plus size items ..
His is an excellent shoe for anyone who's on their feet all day. The slip and oil resistant outer sole are an added plus for staying safe on all kinds of surfaces, even in rainy weather. His is the second pair I've bought for my husband, and it probably won't be the last. He likes them because they're comfortable, unfordable, and he doesn't have to worry about slipping and falling.
The Shoes are comfortable and stylish. The only problem is that they slip at the heel, so it you have a narrow heel you may want to consider a different style or brand
Delivered in a timely manner, in excellent condition. The fit is great. (I'm under 5 feet tall and have a hard time getting a good fit.) The fabric is nice too, and comfortable. I'm very pleased with this purchase
Shoes are very comfortable and class.  I could not have been more pleased.  I purchased a pair in the kept store and loved them so much I ordered them in 4 more colors off of amazon.com.
These scandals are of. 4 star quality of material which makes it pretty good, but the size system is completely off, so that makes me want to put it as 3 stars. I'm an 8, but i ordered a 7 and i still have some room to spare. I wish i could send it back and receive a 6 but too much work, and i guess i'll just deal.

**I feel that maybe a 6 would give me a firm size (one where there somewhat no squirming ability), so that why i decided to stick with a 7. I hope that this "size review" helps out a bit with your choice of size.**

Of your ordering these scandals be prepared to take one size down or two or else you'll feel foolish with such big scandals.

Besides that, the shape and form of the scandal is quite nice. Its quite comfortable, because after all it is a licensed birkenstock. Plus the price is right compared to the other birkenstocks. Hats why its moved up to 4 stars
I have to say that I was disappointed when I opened up the package containing my good wallet. It's cut, but not $wish cut. First of all, it's not leather, it's non. The lining is indeed swede, but the photo in the product listing are misleading. I'm keeping it because the haste of shipping it back, etc. isn't worth it. It does the job, but it wasn't what I was expecting. I feel gripped off
One thing I want to stress about this backpack is how good it feels on your  shoulders when you've got it loaded with a few books and your lawton. It feels like someone is  standing in back of you suspending  the weight off your shoulders.  The pack sits high on you shoulders- stays there (no slipping or sliding) and keeps the weight off your lower back.
 
It's compact, slim, low profile, and yet plenty room enough to carry a few extra books.  It's got two room main compartments,  and a lot bigger than it looks cadet pouch area.
 
By main complaint is with the cadet pouch- it's not all that convenient to reach in and grab a pen or whatever, because the nipper crutches up when you try to open the compartment.  Of I had to use this as my everyday backpack, rather than my lawton backpack I think I'd get rather annoyed with this.  
 
But I primarily use it to transport my lawton and it does it better than I could have hoped it to.
Great boots.  Perfect for playing in the rain.  Great Quality.  I bought one size bigger that current size so they would last at least two rainy season.  To problems for the kinds to adjust to bigger size.  He previously had the frog boots and they are still in great shape to be hand-me-down
I found this product to be of very high quality and the transaction of the product was great.
I recommend this for anyone looking for great bag, especially as a gift
These shoes are HOT HOT HOT SEXY SEXY SEXY.... but they are NARROW...
AND I even went up two sizes to try to fit them...too how...
they are still sex and if you have a narrow foot you'll get lots of attention from wearing them
the shop did a wonderful job shipping my items right away - i had no problems, both items fit great, and the scarf i ordered is so versatile!
also, the prices were amazing.
thanks
I had several of these shipped to my Sum in law's in California for sending to me in France where we work and live. Because of a decent delivery speed, and her thinking they looked of, I gave them a rating of 5 Stars.

Today, after even having BOILED them in water, hoping for shrinkage, I am sad to say that nothing happened.

They are horrid to wear, I ordered size small for all colours, and the fit is that of XXXXXXXL.

of NOT BUY THIS HORRORS. I wish I could get my hard earned money back, as now I'm wondering if I was the brunt of a joke in Nightmare Alley.

You've got to be con artist to sell these things
I found it so easy to shop threw Amazon. I found what I was looking for fast. There are so many different shoes to chose from. I love it and will always shop threw amazon, being a Canadian I thought it would take a couple of weeks to get to me. It only took a couple days. I was very surprised when my shoes arrived so fast
These are good quality baby bodysuits, and very reasonably prices.  Take sure you buy the size according to your baby's weight and height and not by the age posted.  By 3 month old girl is wearing the 6-9 month size. They are a little big, but that great because they will last longer. Warning: the medium green body suit is not color fast, and will end up looking like "came" wear after you wash it.  The other body suits in the green pack are color fast and will not fade quickly.  It seems it is just the one green bodysuit that doesn't hold up well.  I did not have any fading in the pink bodysuits.  All in all I'd recommend these
I found this bar in white at ROSS about 6 months ago for $4.99 and have been wearing it almost daily because it looks and feels so good with everything (tanks, trees, waters, etc.) while adding a little lymph. 
When I needed to buy a black bar, I looked up the into from the rapidly fading tag and couldn't resist getting one in every available color.
I cannot stand the look of bump adding, weird seams and unnatural silhouetted that I usually find with brass, so it was totally worth the plunge once I found a style that worked so well.
These are so pleasing on the eye. That can I say besides the fact that these jeans fit great, look great, and attract clot of attention. Buy them!!
His is a great hat, I only wish they had a size chart for them because the hats I ordered are a bit too big. other than that I have no complaints
I did not receive the correct item I sent the item back for a return. The picture shows what I wanted but got something else.
To I can say I was disappointed. I received some kind of chamisole instead.
Give hundred bucks for some average looking jeans with paint spluttered on them?  Of you are interested in that sort of thing, talk to me, I can set you up for much less.  And don't buy jeans online anyway, they are one of those things you just have to try on.  The best part is how the pre-worn look and paint are supposed to make them look like they didn't cost that much.  Please, head on down to a department store, get yourself some forty dollar jeans and a paint brush and give the other $450 to some charity
Parties in front, thing in back, gorgeous band around the waist, can't ask for more than that in a party. I like the way they feel, the hot way they look. By girlfriend Vara sure loves them and I can see why
I bought these cross for my daughter during the summer and she absolutely loves them and I now can't get her to put her winter boots on when it snows. The cross are exceptionally comfortable and lightweight. I am very happy with my purchase and free shipping also
By daughter is about to get her th pair of these, and her little brother his first pair.  They are comfortable, breathable, and cut.  By daughter will choose these over all her other shoes.  He tried to put them up for the winter but she wants to wear them anyway.  The's got wide, square feet and these adjust nicely with the velcro.  The perfect summer scandal for little ones
I bought this for my son to carry his football clothes in to and from the field it is not to big but just right !! and the price is great too !!!
His is a great bag,just the right size for what I need and the cell phone case on the strap is placed in a great spot.It seems to be very sturdily made and I believe I will get a lot of use out of it
the cap is nice and presumably does what it is suppose to do by keeping my hair out of my face. However, the stitching at the seat at the back of the cap began coming apart from the day that I first used it. It hasn torn completely...yet. Nevertheless, I would think that putting a skull cap on once with my short hair would cause a tear so soon. I wouldn suggest this produce
I love Old Toe brand socks.  Their are the only bands I buy, especially the Canterbury model.  I highly recommend Old Does!
they were slightly small and a had too stiff.

but very cut
Horrible. Must go through hell to return it too, they won't give you back the shipping to send it to you, just the cost of the item. To not buy. To not recommend
I bought these shoes for work to wear with my scrub (with socks). I had to return them due to several issues: The inside lining was too slippery. I went for a brisk walk and my feet slid so much inside the shoe that they felt like they were on fire from friction! Tightening them did not work, as the top of the shoe tore away the skin from the top of my foot, leaving open sores. Even when walking at a normal pace, the shoe kept sliding away from my heel when I stepped. Thirdly, the sole of the shoe is very narrow; it felt like walking in ice states! These were very cut...and may be great for liking, but not so great for everyday walking
these are such comfortable boots!  if you want sheepskin boots without paying a bunch for UGGS, then these are the ones.  i highly recommend water drooping them first thing, because they're a bit hard to clean
I buy these shoes for my son all the time and he loves them.  By only complaint is that you can't throw them into the washing machine and end up with "like new" shoes like you could back in the early 70's.  It others me as well that they are not made in the of.  But nothing is anymore, or so it seems
I have seen a lot of cases and this is one of the best.  Protects the good and I can easily control the click wheel.  The armband is one of the best ones out there
I bought these shoes for my 12 hour days nursing.  they're great.  the shoes are "vested" on the sides and therefore my foot breathes and doesn't sweat
I got this as a gift for my archaeologist/outdoorsman brother.  He loves it
I purchased this robe for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift... And I wish I would have purchased one for myself as well! His robe is made of the contest, warmest materials, but is extremely light-weight, unlike most robes. "Luxurious" is the perfect adjective.
THESE ARE REALLY CUTE BUT THEY ARE WAY of BIG FOR of NEW BABY SHE of NOW 5 WEEKS OLD AND THEY WONT STAY of HOPEFULLY THEY WILL FIT SOO
I ordered the Patrick in Black and June.  It is a cut scandal and it runs true to size but is wide.  I usually wear 8.Of but I had to return these because they were too wide.
Had to re-order in a smaller size  for my wife. but the color is so beautiful vagrant, and really flattering. Vice quality . Looks much more expensive that the price you are paying. Would highly recommend!! By wife is very pleased with this swim sun
I ordered these boots from Amazon at Was time.  I am glad I bought them and I was lucky they were 50% off then.  Lots of my friends had plenty of compliments about them.  I wish I had bought them in brown also at the sale price.  Is always the Amazon shipping and service was top notch. Too bad this time they are only offered by May's and at regular price
I really like these shoes.  I have the Range one and i have received so many compliments on them.  The rounded toe makes my feet look cut, and there is no toe cleavage, which is difficult to find in a shoe like this.  The back of my heels are a little raw from where the shoe cuts in, but its worth it
His shirt is colourful and seems to be a thick t-shirt too.  By daughter loves it and I'm sure it will get worn clot
By husband really likes these swimming trunks, and you can't beat the price and free shipping
When I move around, I sure don't need a front closure that comes undone... many times a day?!  The hook on this bar needs to be changed to a snap closure!
Perfect bar in every other sense, but a self unlocking bar?  To good
To far I have been very satisfied with this bag. For the price I really can't complain. It has enough different sections, places for pens, a divided, pouches in front and other nice touches that makes it a pleasure to use. 

I'm curious about the disability; how the leather will hold up and if the shippers will last. 

I use it to hold 2 1" notebook, a textbook, a portfolio, a book, a calculated and my pad. His is about maximum capacity. I should note that the notebook and portfolio just do fit inside the sections.

The handle onto is copy, the over the shoulder strap should be wider. 

Overall, I am happy with the purchase, and hope that it lasts
Was shipped very promptly.
     Not the largest man's umbrella but well designed.
Looks like someone really studied how umbrella can wreck themselves by blowing inside out. To that this one won't
Of you have a try-fold preference, this is a great choice at a great price.  Good for guns who don't carry a bulging wallet.  Of you don't have a try-fold pre, maybe you should give it a try
Other than extreme lack of small waists in long insects 31X36 these jeans out maneuver any loose jeans I had (extremely nonbinding). I find them soft and extremely comfortable. Different from everybody else and don't get hooked on bites or motorcycles like boot cuts. love em tight maybe tighter super jeans 
 please LEVI'S please make some in of
When I ordered it it must have got lost in the mail so when I contracted figleaves they sent another one sap
trans. was great. love the shirt!! I know it's a lot for a t-shirt, but I had to have it!!
I bought these for my husband, and he loves them.  The material is soft and comfortable, and they keep his feet warm.  They are also easier to slip on and off than his previous pair of slippers.  He wears 11 1/2 wide, so I got him the of pair, and they fit him well
I've bought the Predator Absolion TRXFG before and it is a great shoe. However, in this case it is clearly advertised as having a leather upper -- and the pair I received yesterday (blue with red and silver) is synthesis.  Take sure that if you order a leather shoe at the advertised price, you receive a leather shoe! You are not "saving $50" if it's synthesis
Vice comfortable fit and keeps the boys in one place.  The sizes seem to run a little small as compared with Jockey so I might suggest that you buy one size up if you do not like them too tight.  They are soft, comfortable and reliable.  I think the elastic wears a bit fast but you cannot beat it for the price.  Also, some have complained that the fabric is too thin.  Key, for just over a buck each what do you expect.  I like the full fit as opposed low rise version.  Hayes also has higher end indies made of thicker fabric, and fabric wrapped waistbands.  These are expensive, basic indies.  -
His umbrella is as pretty in person as in the advertisement.  It has a nice, sturdy, curved handle, and is shaped to perfectly cover your head in the rain
Very comfortable !!!  Perfect heel height and nice looking.  You can't ask for more
Very good for the cold, and rainy days or snow
These belts are great.   They are especially good for below-the-waist parts.  Weather belts don't conform to one's body, and look bulky.  I bought all five colors available and would buy more if they become available.

Mlle
I ordered 3 products from Dance Now...One of them fit being at least one size too small. When I contracted Dance now regarding this issue they told me that these shoes are sized for Women. Men need 2 sizes larger in their street shoe size. I found no reference to that detail on the Amazon webster. Dance Now representative told me it is reference on their own webster. But Amazon does not make that fact known.

To now I have 2 orders I have to pay shipping to Dance Now as well as their exchange cost. I am a bit unhappy over this
His was package well and worked great.  Well worth the price.  Line came from myGearStore and it was great quality.  I guess get it from them, not the other sellers
These are the most comfortable socks I've ever worn. Whether they're worth such a premium price won't be known until I see how long they last. Other Wigwam socks I've owned have lasted practically forever
By transaction was as smooth as it could have been.  The product is of fine quality.  The company was prompt and informing
The size is true, the look is excellent and the price was great!  Amazon is the place to find top brand shoes at amazing prices
Giving was a little off, making the bar a little tight.  I feel it will relax and fit perfectly after a few wearing
Due to the previous reviews, I did buy these a 1/2 size bigger but they're still tight in the ankle which is strange to me because I have bigger legs but small-is ankles...I'm hoping they break in though. The quality is nice and they smell pretty good but the sole is INDEED SLICK!!! I would NOT want to wear these boots anywhere treacherous and have already slipped on a rainy sidewalk so beware.

*Oh, and one more thing...the toe box is VERY rounded and not exactly what I'd hoped for but the square toe of shoes were $40 more and got HORRIBLE reviews across the board for quality.
These glasses fit great and with the spring hinges on the side it makes you feel better to know they won't snap like some other glasses, not to mention they look great
Must received my KCR men's Simply Western Harness boots today!  His is my second pair of boots for this particular brand.  The KCR men's Team Circle boots were one size larger than stated.  His Simply Western, on the other hand, fits perfectly.  I wear size 7 and ordered a pair of size 7.  Very stylish, very light, very well made.  5 days ago, Dec.6, I went to the M??y's department store and saw the exact same model and brand selling for $145 plus tax.  I purchased this pair at Amazon for $69.90, tax and shipping free!  The pair in the department store have slacken or darkened toe and heel for the brown color model (in which I don't like!).  His brown pair from Amazon have even brown finish throughout.  Looks fantastic, very comfortable, made in Mania!  I give it 5 stars and 2 thumbs way up
I meant to try these on for a few minutes, but had them on for an hour because I kept forgetting to take them off. Usually I can't wait to take off a pair of new shoes. I'm impressed.
I had a hard time finding this color so needless to say I am very pleased with the beach towels
Although I would never wear these(my old bones could not take the fall ;) ) my granddaughter is crazy about them! I searched every mall in A., N.J. & Delaware going crazy for the size & color she wanted. I ended up finding them on line @ Amazon, I could have saved clot of aggravation & gas looking there first. The quality of these versatile speakers/states is top notch and I am very happy with my purchase.
It clearly states for the shell material 100% non. The price and the non shell was the main reason I bought the jacket. The jacket is completely polyester. The tag says Shell: 100% polyester and Dining: 100% polyester. Returning it would be painless. I'm very disappointed in the accuracy of the information
Also, item shipped is not item pictured
I have these clots in the chocolate color, they look great!  The sheepskin lining is very soft and looks adorable. They go with of many of my outfits! Plus they can worn be with or without socks
I really love this jacket it is great and inexpensiv
I bought this wallet to replace a very heavy, solid wallet I'd been carrying around for years.  I wanted to "lighten" the load in my purse.  His wallet is just the right size, small.  It has easy access to money, credit cards, and of, a slippered pocket enough room for a fairly decent amount of change and it looks nice.  It's well made and attractive
I decided to review these since there were no other reviews listed. I bought the large, which have about a 30" instead, which is at the top of my ankle (I'm 5'10"). The stretch is good, without being constricting, as I got them for light exercise: liking, treadmill, etc. I've looked at the Port shops for a running/liking tight, and though most are spade/lavra, the cost runs between $65-100; for $9.00 at Amazon, the cotton/lavra works just fine for me.

The only thing that threw me off at first was the exterior seat down the front of the leg; must be for style, I guess. Since wearing them, I don't notice it anymore, and it doesn't affect the performance of the part
His was NOT the apple armband they advertised, it was a cheap foreign knockoff - I wish I had never bought it. Terrible misrepresentation of sold item. Buyer beware!!
Probably not for the typical person - they zip up pretty snug and I'm a very small (5'1 100lb) person. I had one nasty slip with them but it was probably just me. For 4 inches they are VERY comfortable and takes little time to break into. They look great but if you aren't too into round told, I wouldn't recommend these
The International Women's Genuine Healing Slipper is well made and comfortable to wear.  It's rubber sole makes it a secure slipper on wet floors
The product was recommended by a friend with a similar medical condition and after trying the briefs, I was sold.  Thanks for a superior product.
Of you are like most people these days, we practically live in our jeans.  That we really want is a pair that 1) Feels good, 2) Looks good, 3) Lasts long, and 4) Isn't too expensive.  Finding all four of these traits in one pair of parts can be tricky, but it can be done.

Wrangled has designed the perfect pair of jeans!  They offer a variety of cuts, sizes, and style so that it is easy to find a pair that fits perfectly (which, incidentally, jeans that fit look much better than jeans that don't) even if you are going for the "baggy, parts hanging at the knees" look.  Regular, relaxed, angler or carpenter, all of the cuts and style feel great.  Also, they are really expensive and readily available at Amazon.com, Pal-Part, or any nearby equivalent.

I am really hard on my jeans.  I am constantly wearing holes in them, lipping them, setting them on fire, etc.  I have found no jeans that last as long as Grangers do.  I have tried other department store bands like Levi, Old Navy or Rockies, which wear out quickly (some even disintegrate washing them!) and I have tried more scale, even designer brand jeans like Vise, True Religion or Once & Gabbana which don't hold up to the wear and tear of everyday life.  Grangers have outlawed them all, and on top of that, they are still cheap enough to replace easily if something catastrophe does happen.

One word of warning that really applies to all bands of jeans, however, is that the more bleached or stonewashed the jeans you buy are, the faster they are going to wear out.  Of you are really looking for value, the dark dark blue jeans are the ones that will last the longest, and you may get, depending on how much you wear them, another six months to a year out of them.  The stonewashed is the "in" look, however, and they are still really good jeans even if they don't last as long.

There may be other jeans out there in the world that are as good as Grangers, but I've honestly stopped looking now that I've found these.  They do the job and I am happy to wear them 308 days a year
His is a great shoe and I have no regrets about buying it.
Gros: Perfect balance of good looks and comfort
      High quality construction
      On-slip sole
      
Sons: Sole is very squeaky on certain surfaces
      Larks use the British sizes, so be careful when ordering your size
I want really sure if I liked this shoe at first but after trying it on i realised just how comfortable and stylish this shoe is. His shoe is awesome for basketball and just walking around
my daughter bought these herself, because she couldn't afford the real dirty's.  she bought them in august 2006, now november 18, 2006 the soles are worn out and the buckle just broke yesterday. wasted pair of shoes.  anyone have any ideas for good unfordable shoes similar to birds?? 
pat- mother of ms college frenchman
I love the look and feel of this bar.  it is not a classic compression bar, but encapsulation--it has separate cups.  in addition, it is not made of all cotton, but a special moisture picking material, very comfortable.  I have purchased this bar three times, and it was perfect when i was a 34B--provided plenty of support and i loved how it was thick enough that i never showed through my tank top when exercising, but now that i am a 34D, i don't think this bar provides enough support when i am doing high impact activities like running or kickboxing.  for low to medium activities this sports is perfect still.  but since i have taken up more vigorous activities, i have bought the palace bar (make sure to buy your EXACT size in palace)
These boots look very nice, but unfortunately, it is way too narrow (and I have narrow feet).  By whole foot felt smashed.  Back to Amazon it goes
All of my friends and I do mean ALL of my friends have been worried sick.  He just love these rights.  Not ALL of my friends wear the rights, but those that don't wear the rights of notice when the others (those who do wear the rights) aren't happy.  Why would those who do wear the rights be unhappy you might ask yourself?  Well, we have been worried sick that these rights have been discontinued.  Well, you can read it here yourself, thank God these rights have not been discontinued.  I think that the company who makes these rights though should listen to my suggestion...why call these stating rights?  I don't state and I think these rights are just fabulous.  I sometimes put them on over my underclothes if I am going out and then I put another pair of parts on over those.  It just feels good and as they say in the Bible, "Of it feels good, do it!"  To you can just put those rumors to bed...the stating rights are here and you can buy them!
It is a nice scarf, but I handwashed it and it was a pain. It bleeds awfully and stains you have be carefully while drying not to stain anything around. The colors are slightly different than pictured, but still nice
I have plantar facilities (heel pain) and my feet don't hurt in Cross.  However, the beach are only for indoor or days when it's not wet as they have clot of vent holes.  Beware of the rip-off versions of this shoes, which are not as comfortable.  I recommend the From ENDEAVOR and From of as well
I have always liked Naturalized shoes and had some similar to the Scout in the past.  I like the fact that I can adjust their  tightness by moving the tax at the closing.  By only difficulty is that, as yet, they are a bit stiff.  However, I expect them to become more supple after wearing them for some time.
Fancy Vol
His product is well worth the extra $ for the two charges.  Everything is good quality and fits well (I have the 60GB Gigabeat).  The belt clip is not the best I've seen but arm band works well.
Product is just of.  I will use it but don't expect it to last.  Fabric is light and sewing is average at best
I am very pleased with the merry wrap that I bought as a Christmas gift.  I had looked in every store I was in while Christmas shopping for one but found none so was very pleased to find this one.  It is well made, looks good and the price was great.  Shipping was very quick without paying extra for express service
I bought this for my Grandson and he loves it. It saves his mon from picking up towels all over the house after his shower
I purchased this bar on a special for 6.50. Well worth that price. i am thinking of purchasing more at the current price. very comfortable and great fit----great everyday bar for larger chests (I am a 38D
I ordered these boots for my husband a couple months ago and he absolutely loves them!  He wears them every day...they are very nice looking and very comfortable.  Definitely recommended
The views do not show the belt and buckle. I cannot tell from the photo if the buckle closes in the middle or is offset to the side.

Why does this matter? For me, it's vital information. When I'm backpacking I carry my glasses/camera/pen/notebook in a fanny pack. Of course the backpack waistband buckle is in the middle, over the naval. Of the fanny pack buckle is also in the middle then the two buckles interfere with each other.

A few manufacturers are wise to this conflict. They make fanny packs with the buckle closure offset--between the left hip bone and the naval. The two waistband buckles do not interfere with each other.

I won't be considering this product because I cannot discern the photograph
His was a first for me buying a nightgown from the internet and I am very pleased with both the quality and workmanship on the gown. By husband loves it.
These look like bare shoes and fit great (not on me ;)).. great purchase

good quality
I purchased 12 of these shirts for Was gifts.  They came several days ahead of schedule.  Also found buying this way was much cheaper than other web sites offering the exact same product.
Key boys. I'm 12 and I want you guns to know that these briefs are really about the best you can get. Of course, to me, briefs are the only way to go since they're cool looking, they feel really good, and they're not constricting like boxers. You should try these colored tight-whites out
These bikinis really ARE "no party line".And the feel is unbelievable!To lines,no munching or binding.Softer than soft thanks to the Local micro-finer.Very breathable for a non-cotton party.(Jockey's To Any Line does include other finer miles,this review is about the Local version only.
Silvered quickly in time for Christmas. Sweatshirt was great quality
Really pretty and well made shoe but I thought I had ordered a narrow. Killed in with a shoe pad and all is ok
Works great for postpartum. I have rate this product 4 stars because it won't fit if you are plus size. To use buying it unless you are NOT in the plus size category
I liked the shoes, they look nice, my only concern when I first received them was the quality of the cover leather, at the beginning it looked like plastic. But otherwise they fit perfectly
The best Swim suit that I have ever seen in the of

I strongly believe that this is the best Speed suits that I have ever bought in this country. The swim suites being made of very soft and elastic fabric, it does not cause the itchiness on your waste, hips, and crutch, which usually happens when you put on small Speedos like this. The suits actually have only one inch cloth on the sides, you may move your legs in the water very easily, and it makes your swim performance far better than the other Speedos. Another good feature of this suit is that there are many variation of color. I own white, black and dark blue one. I personally do not recommend the one in white and very light color, since it become absolutely see-through when wet.

I know there is one big concern when men wearing this suite. Were is my comment to someone who does not have confidence to wear them in swimming pool: To be frank, my friends told me that the suits are little revealing since those have high-leg cut and made of thin fabric. In fact, even in the darker colors, shape of your"manhood" will be somewhat revealed especially when wet in these suits. (But not see-through) However, don't you think it always happens when you are in any Speedos as long you have the "organ?" it is absolutely more strange if that part was completely flat. In addition, any swimming suits have more or less this feature. Of you are a person who thinks that is unfavorable, you may want to stop swimming in pool and do the other work out. In other words, people might see you package occasionally since it has high leg cut and adhere to your body. However who cares, stares, and makes fun of it all the time when you are in swimming pool? The suites cover only essential part because it was made to swim fast, but absolutely not to reveal your manhood and pull attention from others. On't you agree?

 I recommend you to try it at least once if you are swimmer who seriously want to swim fast. The price being around $20, it is unfordable as the second swim ware. I realized that the actual size of the waist of this suite might be a little bigger than the jeans or parts. Therefore, you will feel more comfortable if you buy a one size smaller. Like myself, I usually ware jeans or parts in the size of 29. Therefore I chose 28 and perfectly fit me. The fabric being elastic, it stretches a bit. However, if you worry about the size, just buy the exact size. I love this suit and ware it all at least once a week. Is other people wrote previously, the color fades relatively fast in pool water. Therefore, I would suggest you buy two pairs and wear it in turns.
I've had the t-shirt/sweatshirt combination for a couple of months, and they are holding up well to use.  The sweatshirt appears to be good weight, but the t-shirt is a little light.

I would buy these again
These scandals are my all time favorites.  I've been wearing them for year and years.  Glad this style is still around after all these years
Stem was called "Please" but was 80% cotton and looked & felt like a regular sweat shirt. To return an item to them, they give you free failing, but they will deduce $5.95 off the refund for S&H. After calling them about this, they agreed to give us a full refund. But the refund will not show up until after 2 or 3 filling cycle. I doubt that makes many consumers happy. Champion makes a fine line of products, but I will never deal with them on line again
It's a waste of money. They look so cheap and very bad quality. His must be worth like a dollar or less mass produced.
Very Comfortable. I like the compression, but stays dry with intense exercise. Keeps the cold out and body heat in.
Although this product came marked Kirk it is the same as the original Birkenstocks I have had in the past. It is the same fine product
Product arrived in a very timely matter and the item works great
I love this dress! It is so pretty and light weight, perfect for summer. The seat edges were turned under then sewn. Such a small detail but so important. His was so much more than I expected and the price..you just can't beat it
I ordered 3 shirts at least I got 1 out of 3. That was pretty good odds. Well I will be ordering more here soon. They got here on time when I needed them. Prompt Service.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my fiance. I looked all over for a money clip/wallet that had an actual clip - not just the magnetic clip. To needless to say I was thrilled when I found this one online. After my fiance opened it up, he put his money in the clip. The clip is located in the middle of the wallet so you have to get creative and fold your money more than just in half. After using it for a few weeks, the pin in the clip fell out. He was able to fix it, but I would not be comfortable carrying money around in a faulty clip.
I just received my new jacket and from the looks of it I can't really complain. The photo is pretty much what you get. I'm a bit disappointed that it's not more "Antique" but I'll have to get to work on that part. The delivery was 2 days earlier than the maximum quoted date which is pretty good considering I live in Alaska where things tend to take longer.P.S. The nipper is a bit weak but for $120 is it's a steal.
Love Larks and loved the price so I ordered these for my daughter as a future gift.  Size 12's aren't found many places especially at a bargain price. They look great and over good support.  The difference in these compared to others is the stitching on the top piece.  It's stitched on top rather than invisible and it seems to make it a little less wide.  Hope it works well for her.
I really love the way these shoes look.  I am really pick about shoes I buy.  I dont like to have my toe cracks showing when I wear shoes and I was afraid that these might do that.  They actually do show a little toe crack but only at the end where my little toe is.  I wore these shoes all night on new year's eve and had no problem.  I also wore them all day at work and then to the mall afterwards and did have a little discomfort but not as bad as you would expect with shoes this high.  I love these shoes so much a have 2 pair, black and red.
Arrived in an envelope on time. The Are Madam character looks a little bit off in its representation. The medium is big for a medium.
I would like to return this pair shoe.   It's not fit me.   Please send me a return form.  Thanks
When I received the product, I creaked out because it seemed really small, but I decided to try it on anyway. Is it turns out, Roof makes their tops with a kind of slenderizing cotton/spade blend that is very flattering; kind of like jersey material. The shirt is well made and I will be ordering this in a few more colors. Arab these while you can, girls. His is way better than what you will find in the mall
The battery function didn't work. Discovered poor battery wiring inside... I might try troubleshooting it myself with an ammeter and some smoldering. I'm not surprised by the crude construction from a $11 item. However, the hand grip themselves are worth the money. To more cramped hands
These shoes were a terrific deal at the sale price.  By son had a soccer tournament this weekend and did not even take them off in between games (5 hours).
I purchased this for my post-part recovery.  (I'm still pregnant) I think it will help, but it looks a little cheap. His one is very wide so it should help tighten up all the skin around the abdomen and sides. Target cells a Medulla brand paternity belt that looks like it will hold up for a longer period of wear than this one.  But the Medulla one is only about 6 inches wide, so it looks like it doesn't tighten everything that has stretched.  I still can't wait to use this belt after I delivery to see if it helps with my recovery.
Now, I'm no expert on bowing shoes.  The only ones I had ever worn were the rental at the alley, but I bought these and they are super comfortable and lightweight.  Believe it or not, they actually helped me improve my bowing game because I have better control now.  They seem to run true to size because I bought my usual 7 1/2 and they fit like there custom made.
I travel a lot on business, I was looking for a pair of shoes with formal looking but easy for me to pass security checkpoint at the airport. His 
one meets my requirements perfectly, and it's quite comfortable just as my
other Clark's shoes
Great quality item, excellent speedy delivery, very happy to have dealt with this vendor
I purchased a bag from this vendor, thinking that by being affiliated with Amazon that they were left.
I got the bag and thought it looked face.  The vendor told me to take it to the nearest boutique.
The boutique confirmed that it was NOT authentic, so I am returning the bag I got from Soda Party and feel created by the high price paid for a honey, authentic bag
Order placed by th of July didn't arrived by now.
To sunglasses... To money... To response from the seller...
The most awful seller I have ever co-operated with....
I wish I would not ordered this nice glasses from this dishonourable seller....
Think twice before placing an order & paying money..
I loved this bar when I first got it a year ago.  It gave me great support, it looked great and I was the happiest with a bar that I have ever been.  By girls are in the F range so it has been difficult to find the right size.  A year later, the girls are headed south and the bar has no support left in it.  I am really disappointed in the quality after paying almost $70 for one bar.  They are on a great product if it could stand the longevity of time.  One year just doesn't work for me.
These boots look good with everything from jeans to skirts. Because they are real leather, I was expecting to have to break them in before they were comfortable - but it only took a few wearing before I could wear them all day with a lot of walking and no sore feet. Didn't have any problem with them fitting my calves. I had that problem with other boots I have tried before. Even if you don't consider the great price for all leather boots, they are wonderful buy
The product would have been great, but the store these came from sent the wrong sizes and did not respond to my email on what to do to exchange them for the correct sizes. I requested of Long parts. They sent size Of parts. To they are completely unable, and do not respond to my email. I would never order from them again
I love this product.  Must like the Of which were discontinued.  Good response when running
After having purchased the DLO sports case for my Creative Men Vision M, I read horror story after horror story about the case being too tight, scratching the unit, and even leaving a sticky residue on your valuable player. I looked around for a while before going with this package deal and I'm happy I took the time to do so. 

The case is snug enough so your Men won't move around in it but it doesn't button mash either. The download/charging port on the bottom is large enough to allow the adapted to plug in easily - so once the case goes on you never really have to take it off. The power switch, headphone jack, and microphone all have openings that are completely functional. The belt clip, kick stand and arm band are all bonus add-on that can be used or not depending on your needs. And finally the lip screen helps protect your valuable screen which is the main reason I bought this. 

The film screen protector is difficult to put on without leaving any air bubbles underneath so I took mine off in the end. Fortunately, these can be found almost anywhere unlike this case and package that comes with it. And all of this for under $10??? A great deal on an excellent product. Highly recommended
I got the women Onitsuka Tiger's in NAVY BLUE/BERRY. I can really say anything bad about 'em. Good quality and they have this awesome, retro look to them. I dont know about the other colors but I personally think the navy blue/merry is the best looking one.
I ordered these shoes the minute I saw them features on a fashion segment on the Os Angeles morning news. I have a new-found love for flats and the more comfortable, the better. I received them in the mail the other day and can't wait until it arms up a little so I can wear them (I'm in cold Chicago). They have a rounded-off point toe which make them very flattering, you could even dress them up. They are more bushy and comfortable than I ever remember Beds being. 

I ordered my true size, 7.5, and these feel almost perfect, maybe just a  little room, but I'm not going to bother exchanging them because I'm afraid a 7 may end up being too small. I haven't owned a pair of Beds since high school in the early was, nor have I tried any on since then because I was in denial of Beds being cool again, so I couldn't remember what size I used to wear -- but I'm very, very happy with these shoes overall
Such more comfortable than I thought, and i'm used to wearing pumps every day.  They may run a little snug, so if you're going to wear w/out those, you might go up a half size.  I'm very pleased with this purchase
I initially received my order very quickly, within a week in fact. However, it was the wrong size and I had to send it back to them. It turned out it was another 6 weeks before I got back the correct fitting corset. The good news is with my wedding dress, it is perfect, however, if you are planning a wedding, make sure you get this item way ahead of time in case there are any issues with seizing or back ordering
The manufacturer has sized this shirt much smaller than average.  I ordered a large, which usually fits me, but doesn't squeeze me.  I got a squeeze.  To get my regular fit, I'd have to order two sizes larger. Plan on a fit like the one in the picture--skin tight---if you order your regular size
By new Shoe Mallet is even better than I expected!  It securely fasten to my running shoe; holds my key, emergency cash, and identification; and most importantly, serves as a safe place for my good Port Censor.  West of all, my good works efficiently and accurately in the Shoe Mallet without my purchasing Like-branded shoes.
I'm a very happy consumer!
By 2.5 y/o son refused to wear scandals saying they all hurt his feet.  Is a last resort I decided to try these. He loves them.  He is able to run in these as if he were wearing speakers
I don't like the fact that the side clips are not adjustable. Several the jacket is wonderful, great to the touch and warm enough for of weather - most of the time
These are great and cheap enough that I can keep aprons in rotation. I use them in the studio, kitchen and even when I am feeding my toller! great product
It can be difficult to find a soft bar, without seams, that doesn't have undermine, especially in larger sizes. His bar was exactly what I was looking for. It fits well and is comfortable, yet it doesn't have the typical scar look of brass in size D and up.
I love these shoes...the heel is perfect for carts.  I bought the Champagne and they are perfect with almost anything.
The bundle can be worn on warm and chilly days to support my favorite college team and alma mater.  Material is good for both the t-shirt and hood.  For the quality and price, can't beat it anywhere
I am on my third pair of santiossages. I am a woman who wears them even though they are men and I love them. I live in them from about april through late september (in New England). They are the most comfortable shoes and last a long time
i love ogg boots. a while back, i had 2 pairs that i wore so much they were practically black. i would put them on first thing in the morning and even leave them on as i went to bed sometimes. the are so comfortable, on the inside its like walking on a fur blanket!!
I bought a couple pairs of these - for the price, they aren't as good as the typical pair you'd find in a gas station for $5.  Shipping was quick.

These are silver mirror, not smoke black mirror like the picture with the two pairs shows, just be aware.
these shirts are great and the shipment arrived earlier than expected.  Thanks a lot
Seriously, went into the store to find new running shoes, possibly the air 360.  Was wearing shows in the store.  Threw them away immediately.  These are the best shoes I've worn in a long while.  I'm one of those pp that like to take off my shoes as soon as I get home.  I forgot that these were on, they were that comfortable.  I'm a heavy, pastime runner.  Nothing over Of as I am just starting again.  They support my weight extremely well
I put my new Rockport shoes on and they fit me perfectly, allowing me to wear them all day without the slightest discomfort.  I have never worn a more comfortable pair of dress shoes.  I walk all day, and usually my feet are dead when I come home.  With the Rockport shoes, I can do a 10-hour shift with no foot discomfort.

A very dress shoe, I get a lot of compliments on the saying.  And when I lip them over and show people the soles, they want them!  I was originally put off by the price of the shoes, but after wearing them for a week, they are worth every penny.

I will buy this product (or a similar Rockport shoe) again
These Morel boots are awesome, warm and saying. I got many compliments and three of my friends ordered the same boots upon seeing mine and realizing how little I paid for such quality
I absolutely love these stockings! They are beautiful, unable and comfortable. The micro mesh pattern is a classes more subtle version of the fishes which means you can wear these to work without giving your boss a heart attack
Very well constructed with lots of support near the arch,ankles,sole,and outer heals.Very comfortable in general
It is definitely worth buying.  great shipping speed and the quality is excellent
By husband loves these socks.  They fit well.  Are just light enough to wear every day all winter and just warm enough to keep the chill out
I love these shoes.  By son is comfortable in them and there is no struggle to get them on and off.  He have tried all kinds of shoes for him.  Stride Site shoes in his size are made for older feet, not really big baby feet.  He have had a hard time finding softer soled shoes that come in his size, so having them up to a size 7 is great (he wears that at 15 months).  I wish they had an 8, I would be stocking up
I'm a power walker, and wasn't sure if these shoes would fit the bill.  However, they are very comfortable and suppurative.  I really like them.
I'll probably purchase another pair sap.  I recommend them
New words to describe this shoe, very good arch support and cushion sole. True to size, good leather and soles. A great shoe for comfort, and walking..I've purchased other Life-Stride Mean style and recommend all of them !  War
I bought my first pair of Of's when I was 16.  After joining the military, traveling to nearly 50 different countries, in sleep, snow, and boiling deserts in the Middle Last, this same pair of shoes still look great today, 20 years later, albeit stuffed up. 

Indeed, last week I had a casual business meeting; with a little spit, elbow grease, and an old towel I used to dry off my dog, they cleaned up quite nicely and worked well with my Pocket shake's. 

They're exceptionally comfortable, tireless, and well worth the price.  Now many 20yr old pair of shoes do you own?  That's like what, $5/or?

The style colour conscience among you might want to consider another pair -- in black.  They're that good, like an old friend, reliable, stylish, and right there with you to conquer life's many challenges.

I highly recommend them.

-jose
Excellent craftsmanship and material quality.
Only drawback is needs a little pressing after washing, others I have  tried will be virtually wrinkle free
His was the best deal on the internet for these underwear....You gutta buy some..
I really wanted to like these, but they just won't stay put.  It's not a thing, but it will be after a few hours of wear.  I usually love DKNY products, so I am disappointed
By original order was 1 pair of tennis shoes missing so when I had to re-order the and pair of identical tennis shoes, I was overcharged & also had to pay shipping fees again. I tried several times to resolve this problem via Amazon & the shipping co. Really Florida, but was basically ignored & never received my refund. I find this to be deceitful & poor customer service
I was disappointed with this jacket.  It was advertised as cashier.  When I received it the label stated it was recycle cashier and it did not look or feel like cashier.  I was very disappointed and I returned the item
You may not have heard of them, but Brooks makes some of the best, most popular running and walking shoes that you can buy.  I was introduced to the brand a few years ago while working in an Amazon warehouse where I walked 10-20 miles per day picking customer orders.  I haven't purchased another brand of walking / running shoe since then.  

The Brooks Least Running shoe provides the best support of any shoe on the market.  I have flat feet with no arch support, which makes it more difficult to walk on hard surfaces for long periods of time.  His shoe makes the task so much easier.  Honestly, it's the best, most comfortable shoe that I've ever owned -- AND it has a fresh, hip design that those of us in the MTV generation can wear with pride
His outfit is the perfect fit for my tiny daughter and it looks super cut on her
I bought this for my husband. He tried it in one car and it kept getting stuck in the lighter socket and the end kept coming off (it wasn't screwed very tightly and couldn't be screwed tighter). In the other car it fit in the socket all right but every couple of minutes you had to adjust the radio station and even then the music came through fully. Also, if you turned the car off it doesn't remember which station it was tuned to. He are going to return it to Amazon, but I'm not sure how as I don't think they have an option for returning it as 'the product just isn't very good!' Of you want something cheap and are ok with it not being particularly reliable then this is for you, but for hardware music lovers, I suggest saving up and investing in a better product.
Shoes arrived quickly.  Ought husband's regular size and they fit very well.  Sturdy, strong leather.  Very good arch support.  Good heel height, very comfortable.  Would buy them again
The election of Hero in the movie "Napoleon Dynamite" symbolized the ultimate victory for the undergo based on popular appeal to the majority. I smile everytime I remember the line by Napoleon to the kid who just got pulled into giving up his lunch money: "Hero offers you his protection." Hearing this shirt is truly saying "Power to the People!!
I got the "grass" color, which is actually a nice blue. The gloves are lightweight, soft and pretty -- how can you go wrong
The bar came well packed, speedily and it is very like the picture and description.  The fit is good
His is the best of the small front pocket wallet available.  Other front pocket wallet have gimmicky designs that don't work well.  His is designed on the same pattern as a full size wallet, only reduced to x inches.  Folds three cards, bills, and of as well as having a little room under the of card for business cards.  Great buy
His is the perfect case for a Ano - my husband loves it
Vice Trunk room and a good length - hobby said they were comfortable and did not pinch in places that it shouldn.

Arrived in a timely manner
Great looking on my feet, extremely comfortable and the price for a swede scandal like this is phenomena!  I'm going to order more.
Ought this coat for a very reasonable price compared to other places.
Delivery was very speedy and is a very nice product. Of you need a warm
coat that is nice looking this is one to buy.  Only down side is the sizes
run a little small. Otherwise very exceptional product for the money
I've been wearing Balcony running shoes for about four years now. His is my first pair of Rid Igni 5 and I'm generally pleased. There is a squeaky in the heel of the right shoe, so I contracted the seller and they're going to exchange them for me. First time I've had a squeaking problem with a Balcony shoe. Great stability for a moderate overpronator, very comfortable.
Wonder Woman has always been a favorite of mine, so I was predisposed to like this came and party set. I just love trusting around in these. Well, I wouldn't strut everywhere, just in the house, because, though one wouldn't think it, these are just as sex as all get out, with a good cotton feeling too, so if I did my trusting outside, well can you imagine, I'd be attacked, arrested, arraigned and who knows what else. But hey, maybe I'd attract a super hero.
i love the coats, but this sweatshirt is supposed to be a large, it is the widest fitting sweatshirt i have ever seen. the shoulders are to big and the neck is to tight. i wear a large but i can wear this shirt because it looks so awkward
These socks are warm, comfortable, unable and possibly most important of all, they won't fall down
thought it was going to be better 
i would of rather bought one that cost $25 or more
not wat i expected
The was not as long as one is in the figure, I had to cut it to make a bracelets because she was very short for my neck, the metal is bad, nor of silver is. I give one star them by its good service

To era an large come se muestra en la figure, tube que cortarla para her un brazalete pursue era may aorta para mi cells, el metal es malo, ni de plate es. Yes do un estrella for s been service
Very warm. I'm too mess for a light an robe. The robe came through the wash perfectly, no stains or shrinking
The size 52 is like 38 or 36. I had to send it back
I've ordered a few different pairs of socks off of Amazon (Old Toe socks, Tommy Hilfinger socks), but so far these Adidas socks have been the highest quality.  They're nice and thick, and fit well to your foot -- they won't slide around and bunch up.  They've held up well for the first few washing, and have stayed quite bright.  I like 'em
I ordered the Late and the "grey" color is much blue than grey.  But it's a nice skirt, I just can't find a top to match the odd color
These do a great job of enhancing your best feature.  These definitely fit snugly.  Of that is not your preference you will need to get one size larger.  They will sit a little lower on your backside than other underwear.  The only area on these that is not transparent is the pouch.  These underwear will make you look great
I ordered this in anna and was quite pleased -- the color and quality are great! Of you think it may be too small, as one reviewed suggested, why not buy two? I love mine
I am very happy with the Doufold Insulayer Top.  I have worn it while hiding in the Shenandoah, Virginia, and also while dogsleding on a glacier in Bureau, Alaska.  It can keep you warm when it is cold and oaks up sweat when you're getting too warm.  Also, it is comfortable and looks good enough to wear all by itself.  It's not formal but there's no reason you can't wear it while around the house or visiting a nearby pub
Vice bar, comfortable with good support. I just ordered another one
His product is great!  To pressure on headband, and packs easily for travel
Versatile tank top and equally stylish for the grm or dress up.  Well constructed with quality fabric.  The reinforced shoulders give the square cut (g unit look) tank look without looking too similar.  I'm eager to try out the other colors and materials that this tank comes in
The Corn Long Slippers are very comfortable, true to size and wash beautifully.
He had to outfit an entire group and this Merchant's cloaks (we bought from several places prior to our big order), were by far the highest quality within the price range.

They offer lots of colors, the crushed velvet is nice and the delivery and customer service excellent!

Thanks for making our event perfect
I've had every color of Adidas Mammas except the blue and the white.  I was reluctant to purchase the white because they're bright, large-looking, and get dirty too easily.  But now that I've purchased these, I'm so impressed! These white Mammas are unique and stylish, definitely suitable for casual or athletic activities
They are perfect for kiss daily lunches.  Would like to order more but don't where to start. Most all the ordering information
I love it. I tried so many nursing brass before my friend recommended this one. I'm even on this page so that I can buy a new one. It's so comfortable, suppurative and a great style. There's no undermine and the snap are great. It's worth the money so don't be turned off by the price. It's so much better paying a little extra for a super comfortable bar which you really need when you're breastfeeding
His is my favorite for lap swims.  Reasonable modesty, but not baggy.  You'll move through the water with ease with minimum suit stoppage.  Of you are not looking for a an, get this one!
I love this case, the inkstand works really well, the clip is very strong and will hold your good as you go running, the colors are cut and it has a built-in thin plastic screen.  Only negative is the plastic screen does get dusty easily
I bought three pairs of these acorn slippers for Christmas presents.  By husband and two grown sons love them.  They all say these are some of the most comfortable slippers they have ever worn.
It was just what I wanted and came quicker than I thought.  Price was right
His shoes are uncomfortable and make your feet look wide.  They run small.  They look nicer in the picture than they actually are
I saw this dress while surging the internet, and absolutely fell in love with it!  I ordered the red one for From this year (2007) and I got it 5 days later!  While all my other friends were running around looking in walls for their dresses, I found mine in a lot less time, and for a lot less money!  I will definitely look here first for any more formal dresses I will need!  Thanks so much!
Great fit, great color, used for camping for boyscouts.  Recent price.
I recently bought these jeans in the store and am getting another pair online.  I have always struggled finding jeans that fit (is there a woman that hasn't?).  I have a small waist compared to my hip/rear, and I have had this shape since middle school & highschool when I was a size 6.  After two kiss, I still have this shape and they still don't make jeans for it except the high waist, capered leg, really out of date looking jeans.  Until now!

These jeans have a just below the whistling waist that is very acceptable to me.  I hate today "see my stomach" jeans.  Never seen so many bare podgy waists in my life.  Sick.  The hips are "relaxed" and are come for me without emphasizing anything I don't want to.  And I love straight leg.  Not capered, not was flashbacks.  Must straight.  May!

Of, like me, you are happy with yourself until you try on today low waist, straight hip (are we guns?), was flare jeans - that tend to be too long on me and I'm 5'9".  Who do they make these things for?!?!  Cry the Hilfiger Boyfriend cut
His my first pair of 100% non socks.  The problem I have is that my feet cannot breathe in them.  By socks are wet after a full day wearing them. I guess I'll just have to stay with cotton...I've never had that problem before with cotton/polyester socks. They do stay up above my calf all day long, though.
this is a very sex costume.  though, it looks more like a blue french maid than Alice in Wonderland.  Also, the dark thing is sooooo short. shorter than the other sex costume i bought.  your booty will certainly be hanging out.  my boyfriend is very excited about this one, but i'm not sure it will ever make it out in public.  The stockings are included, and are pretty nice. the costume quality is rather nice for $27. 

note that the petticoat thing is NOT included.  

regarding seizing: I wear an 8 and bought the large.  fits well.
These are the most comfortable brass I have ever bought. Most brass do not have a wide enough band on the side so the body tends to hang over the material. His bar has a nice wide side band.
I now have several of these in all 3 colors.
I bought the Loss with the nautical print on it.

Price is rock bottom when compared to other Trade sandbag on the Internet.

I was thrilled with the size of this sandbag when it arrived.  It is very room!  For instance, I put two large, rolled up beach towels in it to keep the shape until summer arrives and there's still room to spare!  It is very nearly the size of a tone bag.  

Comes with a Trade insignia soft cloth bag to store your bag in when you're not using it and Trade COA card, just in case you ever decide to sell your bag.  Trade plate is, as customary, affixed to one side of the bag and leather Trade tag sewn inside of bag, as well.

I love this bag so much, I'm planning a cruise just to be able to take my bag somewhere it would look smashing.  Now that is an impressive sandbag
I bought this pair for it's price, style and brand...did not want to shell out $90 bucks for a pair of Merrell. It is a very comfortable pair of shoes with sure-looted leg soles and protects feet in the Western Pass Berkshire trails. I this pair suggest without any reservation to someone who is looking for style and value. Only one negative so far....the lace keeps coming loose....may be its my personal preference to tie them little loose
Now this Military Style Combat Foot is one of a kind! It takes a while to break it in but after, you will enjoy it! It looks so cool just looking at it, never mind wearing it! its leather is tops! And it WILL last a life time! Not water proof, but great for jungle breaking! Shines easy
I want to sure about spending the $$ on this item at first, but when i got it in the mail and put it on, it was a life save, no more paternity jeans!! I am still abel to fit in my regular jeans, but i just cannot zip or button them up, and that is where the Well And comes in, it work wonders, no body can believe that i am still in my regular jeans!!!!

Thanks Well And!!

End L
AWESOME SHORTS,THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHORTS WITH A LITTLE EXTRA ROOM WITH THE EXPANDLE WAISTLINE. ALWAYS WORE RALPH LAUREN UNTIL I TRIED HAGGER
I bought the non-undermine bar.  I didn't think it would do as good of a job as the bar with the undermine, but I get tired of the undermine poking me in the belly so I thought I would try it.  His bar is great!  It has better support than most of the other brass I've tried, and it's comfortable too.  I recommend the bar for anyone
The shoes are a great fit.  They arrived in time for Christmas.  I am very pleased with them
I actually got these for my wife for when we go liking / hiding. They seem a lot lighter in weight than I had expected but they fit perfect. The price was unbearable. I almost wish I had gotten myself a pair.
I've tried them all! His bar doesn't pinch, bind, or leave red marks on me, yet holds up my 40DDD's right where I want 'em. Thank goodness for Goddess
Very comfortable and well made.  I bought brewski first and liked them so well I ordered another pair in black a few days later
Product was supposedly shipped 1-4-07 and still do not have i
Very well put together and comfortable pair of classic leather gloves. Supple yet substantial. Please don't lose them. Ought on sale but worth full price. Met better with age starting almost immediately.
I actually bought these boots for a friend of mine for Christmas. The boots arrived in good time (which is very useful as I live in the of) and the ordering process was haste free. The report back on the boots themselves are: Fabulous. Highly fashionable piece of useful kit for any rainy day
I only use the protective case/skin, not the armband or belt clip.  I primarily wanted protection for the screen, which this provides.  The screen protector and skin fit perfectly and were easy to apply.  I can easily access all ports and manipulate all controls with them applied/installed.  I have not used the armband, but it looks pretty sturdy.  I paid $18.90 for this item including $5.95 shipping
To glad I went ahead and ordered this before Christmas. By boyfriend loves them, and they got to my house two days later, even thought could have taken until An. with. I knew I could wait to give the present and save money, but fortunately I didn't even have to. Super light, comfortable, and look great with jean
I would never recommend buying shoes for serious running online unless you've tried them out first, but this is the line I wear and Amazon was doing a promotion, so... anyway this is a great stability shoe for people who want a wider pobox (basically, the opposite of Like). I actually liked the GTS 5 better, but that's the way these shoe companies work -- they never seem to stick with a formula for longer than a year or two
I bought this for my husband who is going through Them to cover his head when his hair comes ou
I run quite a lot - about 1600 Miles a year. Since more than 5 years i'm very happy with the model line of aside get kazan. Also for marathon it is the best shoe.
Mute and very comfortable candles.  The narrow width is perfect for me and sometimes hard to find.  The sling back band is very come stretch material which leads to a perfect fit.  True to size.  A bargain.  Think I may need another color
Have worn Rockports exclusively for 15 years with mary a problem.  To break in needed.
Comfortable.  That more could you ask for
These gloves are a little itchy - the profile states that they are fully lined, however the induration does not extend to the finger openings so you have wool around each finger...some people don't mind the feeling-- personally it drives me putty.  It's a present, however, so we'll see how he feels about the material.  By main grip, however, is that the stitching is incredibly poor.  Right out of the package, the velcro sticking is coming loose and the velcro is starting to pull up.  The black sticking connecting the leather pads to the glove part is laughable.  It's an "overstich" and most of them look like they'll start to loose at daytime, causing the leather pad to come off.  There are different colored threads poking out through seams as well.  
  They of look nice from afar and seem warm (I only tried them on quickly), but for the price...likes
His was an easy purchase, quick response time and a very satisfactory product. It's a happy face
The Cabin Huddled was great on the plane but I use it at home too on those chilly nights when you don't want to rack up the heating bill.  It is perfect for watching television or reading and having hands free to turn pages or work the remote.  It is pet friendly too and so easy to wash and dry.  I am very pleased with it
awesome bag.  I love Timbuk2.  His is my and bag, and I basically bought this one to have a smaller bag to use at different times when I don't want to leg my lawton around.  It's made well and looks cool...what more could you want
I have had problems with my feet because of over pronation and these shoes have been a great help!!
His is a shoe with a classic design and with a heel very comfortable for women who can not use high heels. It is a very dress shoe
Excellent scandals--come--true to size.  Took sort of like Birkenstocks but not as costly--they are just as well made and the sole is flexible yet suppurative
These boots are so comfortable, I can wear them all day! And actually I wore them all week one time since they go with almost everything. I never wear the same shoes twice in the same week, but they are so comfortable.
The gloves were exceptional. Very good quality.  They seemed to run just a little large, but not enough to get a smaller size
I have been wearing this brand of rights for over a decade.  Because of the swimmer, they are very attractive.  I have had both men and women, related and not related to me, tell me they like them.  They are comfortable enough for all kinds of weather, even during California's hot central valley summer.  They last longer than regular pantyhose.  I never wear regular pantyhose anymore because they are so much more comfortable
I love these t-shirts.  They are soft cotton and fit my 8 lb baby great.  Plus, cut colors and designs.  Such a deal.
His is the best nursing bar that I purchased.  It took me a few tries to get it right, but when I finally found this one I purchased a few.  The style and fabric is very suppurative and I love the fact that it is not an undermine.  By only negative comment is that it is not available in a rude or bone color.  Very nursing mon should own this bar.  It is well worth the price. One last suggestion...get properly fitted by a professional.
His Lock is awesome.  It's obviously a "swim" style lock with a narrow 1 1/4 inch waistband and standard leg straps.  The woven Lock pouch is soft, comfortable and holds everything great.  The best thing about this lock is that it feels like you're not wearing anything at all, it's very lightweight.  I ordered the Medium size and it didn't bind, twist, pinch or squeeze.  I like it so much I ordered two
They run MUCH smaller than Birkenstocks. I sent the size 44 back (which is come in the comparable model in Birkenstocks; is it the Boston?) and got the 45 and it STILL feels small. The upper is ok, the shoe isn't the best made thing but is adequate; it's just the size thing that gathered me
His is a very nice shirt with no pockets.  Vice for us women.The material is nice and soft and it is well made
I am enjoying the speakers this Summer.  Tommy & perfect for elliptical trainer, stationary bike and weight room.  Very stylish, I love Skechers footgear
I just got this bag and love it!  It's not too big, but enough to be able put a lawton and a couple notebook or textbook.  Should last a long time
I'm swimming every day therefore I needed something very unable, very chlorine resistant. His was my th swimsuit purchase in six months. Well, this swimsuit of really chlorine resistant, so far (3 months) it kept it's color, and shape. It is comfortable too, although it is hard to take it off when it is wet.
Love how easy it was to order, unfortunately I ordered the wrong size twice but had no problem returning purchases for credit.
The cotton is soft and lightweight.  The elastic waistband isn't too tight, though tight enough the drawstrings serve no purpose other than for looks.  By only complaint is the parts are a bit too short, but I often have this problem because I'm 5'7
I bought these for two reasons... Number one being that my son started walking very early and any shoes that my husband and I would buy him, were too hard for him to walk in. Like all shoes, they needed to be 'broken in' and at 9 months, you agent very capable of that. To with these little Eggs, he can walk around in a soft comfortable shoe that isn hard and bulky. The second reason that I bought them is because they are so sang cut. He get TONS of compliments on them all the time
I love it! It is exactly what I had in mind.  There is the silicone skin complete cover with a plastic shell on the front.  The shell covers the display and there is a cut out for the click wheel that is covered by the silicone skin.  The system comes with three silicone skins ("clear", black, and glow in the dark)and one shell.  there is the option of a belt clip (I don't use)that works well too.
The bottom is open for both connections.  The hold button on top is a little tough to get if your finger nails are very short however.  There is an adapted as well for the good dock.  For me this is the perfect case
bought another one as they've added color option - we just love these and now what a great price - good merchant, ships fast and reliable
Pretty thin, not well made, will not last long.  Other than that I really liked the
By skin is great for keeping my god stuff & scratch free.  The skin is easily removable as well as putting it on. I had the 80gb upon and the skin itself is very thin, not adding to the size of my upon. The clip on it is extremely sturdy and rotated.  The skin also has a slot to place in the connected to keep it clean from dust & dirt. The only disadvantage is you'll probe have to remove the skin if you play your god thou speakers
I needed this item for a gift and it arrived in great condition right on time.
Another winning online vendor. Orders placed in the morning is shipped the same day and delivered the next day. From of to of. I love service like that. Items are well packed and are in perfect condition, as expected. I will order from them again and again... Deep up the great work
These boots are a good value. They look great and fit very well and seem to be true to size, except that they feel slightly wider than the standard size-D.
I ordered this for my daughter to use for a Halloween costume (Our family went as A President with Secret Service Agents).  I needed an expensive black toller suit.  I had a hard time finding a toller black suit that was expensive.  To stores carried a complete suit with jacket that was less than $75.  His was perfect.  It arrived quickly and was neatly package.  The tie was one of those nipper ties so it was easy to take on and off and to adjust.  It fit my daughter perfectly and I plan on handing it down to nephews and cousins to use for special occasions.  Well worth the price
it protects to you totally of rain. It is easy to keep and to transport. It is excellent. It is a great investment cost/value
Is a person with short wide feet, I have a terrible time finding shoes that fit and are comfortable.  These are really comfortable walking shoes, neat enough to pass in a business-casual environment
it's very poorly made. nipper didn't work when it arrived, and when I tried to pull it, thread was torn apart and beads fell... 

cheap stuff, shouldn't have ordered it.
These shoes are different from anything else I have ever owned.  I truly love wearing them.  They are comfortable, practical and they make me smile every time I wear them!  Order a 1/2 size larger than your usual size and have some fun
i ordered this product from general_discounters and I have tried for 4 was. and still I have not gotten a response from them and I haven received my order. Is far as the actual cologne, it is nice but order it from that company and you'll not get to smell it because you wont get it. All other potential buyers of this cologne beware of the seller and make sure if its 4 days or more late contact seller
It was the right size and clean and package nicely. It was here when they said it would be.
His was exactly what I was looking for.  It was provided through andrew christian.  Receive quickly without special shipping
I got the red one.  It is a rich, sedate, crimson red and has a smooth, quality leather feel.  The inside is lined with polyester fabric, but the material that divides the two large pockets is just cheap plastic. The pockets are surprisingly deep, allowing for more than change.  Keys, lip gloss, bills, and even my cell phone fit in it. (that was a tight fit, and not practical, either).  The flap on the front unsnaps to reveal a narrow, swallowed pocket.  Cards will not fit in it, but it works nicely for folded bills.  In attractive seat runs down the back of the purse.  North the price
One time my friend and I were playing truth or dare.  He dared me to wear colored briefs for 2 WEEKS!!!  I was a boxer kid, so this was the last thing I wanted to do.  He was also a boxer kid so I dared him to do the same!!  He went to the store and each bought a couple of packs.  He both felt like such loses but we wore them.  It school we departed each other.  After the 2 weeks was up neither us wanted to return to boxers.  He both fell in love with how comfortable they were
I bought this boot since it was on sale and I needed a new boot for next season.  Well, I had to wear them to a wedding this past month and I really like them.  The heel is low enough that I was dancing all note.  I really like the back zip....it is actually kind of sex and I was getting compliments all note on them.

The reason I have 4 stars instead of 5 is that I am not a larger woman at all, oft 10 and 140 pounds....and these boots were tight on my calves.  Once I got into the and stretched them out a bit they were fine
The corset is exactly what I thought I was buying. The quality is good and it looks great on. Delivery was very prompt. Very happy with this item for my wedding day.....I will be buying with you again
I was looking for a compass to put on my daughters bike and bought a couple of these.  It does not work very well whether it is on the bike or away from the bike
His is a nice shirt, not as warm as we had hoped though. The lining is quite thin. It wishes fairly well, loses a bit of its shape but not a lot. A great shirt for the fall. Its room & comfortable
I bought these slippers for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves them.  He said they are both unable and very comfortable
His item was exactly as described.  Very reasonably prices and very fast shipping.  Would definitely purchase from this merchant again
His is a great item to have if you are looking weight.  You can adjust the belt as needed without having to buy new ones
His is a nicely styled jersey that could use a fabric or fabric finish takeover. The plain polyester is rough to the skin requiring the use of an undershirt to prevent chafing. The collar is cut high enough to cut across the base of the neck leaving a nasty burn mark.

A cotton, cotton blend, or silk would have made a better choice of fabric making this an unbearable jersey for many uses
Ordered a pair...and they lost my first order.  Had to contact amazon to help. Finally got order..and parts were too small. To..had to of order larger size.  Not parts in SAME size as last. Wrote back saying I know have TWO pair of parts that are too small.    
First they denied sending wrong size..then later wrote back saying they did make a mistake and that new order in correct size was on its way with postage tables to send parts back. Well a month later still have not received parts or tables.  Have wrote half a dozen email asking for a reply and help..of REPLY.  Never had such POOR customer service
Well, since I will be using this soon, I believe it will be just perfect. Folds all the necessary items safely, so will let you know when I return from my trip
I looked all over for this type shirt for my pick husband, this was the best price I found anywhere. He's happy, so I'm happy. Last shipping too
I purchased the scarlet version of this bag more than two years ago, and it's still in perfect condition!  The color doesn't fade when you wash it, and it's the most unable bag I've ever owned.  I will not, refuse to, absolutely cannot make me carry a purse, but I carry this bag everyday.  The very front nipper pocket is great for change, the small nipper holds my keys and cell and a host of other small items I always seemed to be losing before, and the large pocket is big enough to fit several medium sized paperbacks in.  It's perfect for everyday use, and will last forever. The "backpack straps" are comfortable and have never broken.  I was so excited when I found this on Amazon, and of EVERY COLOR!  Before, the selection was red and black only, so this is fabulous!  Buy this bag, you will love it
His is a good looking shoe. It's Comfortable. It seems to hold up well. the Material is a little bit plastic. I guess it's waterproof. the fashioning is good
The item was a birthday gift for a niece, in which she says that she loves it.  To off of that response, I cannot have any complaints
ah man. i have 2 vote for per shirts. there both some. i would wear this shirt anywhere...... even to a wedding or something. it makes me happy when i wear it
I love these scandals.  These are the rd pair I've owned and I have them on right now.  Originally, I ordered the wrong size and called the distributor.  They exchanged them quickly with no haste and promptly refused the money for the returned scandals.  Great service
By son just loves this jacket, and he's hard to please.  The lining is so soft and comfortable
When I play basketball, or in the past when I did In-Its then too. Anyway, they keep me warm and tight like a brace in the way that so my muscles don't pull or cramp. Anyway, I guess they look o.k. too, but who would see them anyway...THEY'of UNDERWEAR!!!!

take care and good luck
He bought these in all colors and were a hit at our dance! Thank you
I wouldn't wear these socks for two reasons:

1.  They have a red strike at the toe and I wanted to wear them with scandals.

2.  They have their brandname blazoned in red on the side, also ridiculous looking with scandals.
I bought these boots to go to Idaho this Christmas.  I was born and raised in TEXAS, so you KNOW this southern girl is not used to SNOW!!!  I wore them on the plane and everything getting to Idaho.  Well, they did not get the snow they had last year when we were there, but my toes sure were nice and come (unlike last year).  They kept my feet nice and warm, they are comfortable to wear and they are not heavy.  I LOVE of PURCHASE
I thought this case would be like the upon cases I have seen that look like they are actually part of the upon; it is not.  The case does not fit properly on the upon and slips off the top leaving room for damage.  The belt clip is difficult to get on and off and the stand doesn't work well.  Overall I would not recommend this product
I recently purchased these shoes for a night out on Valentine's May with my boyfriend.  I had a great experience with this product and service.
The shoes themselves were completely wrapped up in their box.  Because of the delicate beading on the shoes, I was afraid that poor packing may cause them to get damaged in shipment.Not so. Very part of the shoe was perfectly preserved and protected.

The beading has pink accents too.  I couldn't see the pink in the picture, but it's there.  These shoes are high, but comfortable. Definetly wear them about the house before taking them out. I'm thinking of getting them in Red too.

The seller itself, ShoeMall, sent me email letting me know that my order was received, then another email letting me know that it was on it's way including the cracking number.
I highly recommend this shoe and seller based on my lawless purchasing experience
I ordered these in my regular size (7 1/2) and had to return them to go down a half size.  They are adorable and comfortable--just be aware that they run a little large
These shoes are stunning, original and over-the-top beautiful. I just can't understand the review regarding the point of the shoe being too point?? Square-toe shoes are soon late 90-s and these shoes are anything, but "mosquito hunters". They have a perfect narrow shape, with an interesting mix of fabric and a PERFECT toe for the current late decade of 2000. Trust me, with 117 pairs in my exploding New Work closet these have ended up at the front. I'm picking up the black ones as I'm writing this. Enjoy them....I know you as well as your better half will!
I got my order in a short amount of time, I will definitely buy from this company again
I just received this bag and I love it. It's a little bigger than I thought, but that's a plus! I love the material, very much like real leather. Vice, useful compartments inside. The candles are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend it. (I got the black one by the way
His contour pouch brief is meant to (like most 2(x)ist underwear), show off your male asset. I think this one does that effectively by using the pouch.

The fit is great, there is enough room for everything and although it is cotton, it stretches and shapes to my body just as well as the synthesis materials on the 2(x)ist X-Factor Contour Touch Grief 7403 do (see my review on that product page as well).  In fact, you might like that one better, so give it a look
By son loves the backback and the spacious room for he has for all the engineering books he needs for class
I am thrilled with this lined, swede jacket with oversized, decorative grommets! The fit was perfect - I got a "small" and I usually wear size 6-8 Petite. Looks great with jeans or dress parts
His is exactly what I was looking for. Last year I had a back surgery and I needed a bar that would fit me but would be very lose on my back because my current bar was too tight for my very sensitive back. I bought a bar that was two or three sizes bigger than my actual size but it did not work. It was still too tight. I finally bought these bar extended and they are perfect!! I can continue using my same brass and they are now lose enough so that they do not cause me any pain.It comes in pairs of two, but I only need to use one of the extended, with ties to the other extreme of my bar.
I got this robe for my wife for Christmas and she LOVES it. All of her girlfriend are super jealous and have been asking where I got it and telling their husbands they need to get them one. The says it is very comfortable and warm. It's long enough to curl up in and just hang out and enjoy the day. Very nice quality and comes nicely package
Top notch! I have been using custom shoe arch supports for the past year due to lower back problems. I usually purchase other bands of shoes with size 11 wide(2-4) The T-Sacs come in regular width so I purchased size 12. They fit great. I now have four pair of the T-Sac Series and I can wear them comfortably without the arch supports. These shoes have style and comfort. An't wait for next line of T-Sacs
Of you have every pair of rockies ever made, this is the product for you. To one around will have these.  It's an excellent way to express little of yourself when you already have expressing yourself down pat.  They also came in a very timely manner.  I was very impressed.  They look way better in person
Giving review is spot-on.  I wear a size 6 street shoe, and my treadmill/track shoes (Adidas Supernova Classic) are 7.5 - The Kumasis I wear are a 6.5.  The first pair I won in a Muddy Muddy race, and I loved them so much I got a second pair - one for the REALLY muddy, wet days and the other for dusty, driver ones.  Recommended them to my mon and cousin, too, and they love them.  All 3 of us have high arches and narrow heels.  By mon is a AAA width, I'm a B with a narrow heel.  All happy.  Fig drops to Adidas
I really love this shirt because it is extremely comfortable! The screen print is still extremely visible...even after several wishes.
The product was received in a timely manner and was as expected
I purchased they about 3 months ago along with the Sadden See's Mallet flat.  They are holding up much better than the Sadden flats.  These are pretty come and I have replaced my old pumps with them.  By only complaint is that there is very little arch support, but I remedied that by buying a pair of Or. School's arches.
Slipper is very soft and foundries well. The only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars is because they slide off my heel. Only a little frustration. Wish they had stronger back band
very fine quality shirt, comfortable, shipped expediately. Very satisfied with this produce
I always buy the same size and type of overalls and this is the first time ordering this pair from Rockies.  They are very stiff and tight fitting.  They should have actually been baggy on me, being the size that they were
I got these new underwear at the request of my girl friend to change it up at night, she wanted me in something a little tight and revealing that me regular boxers even though they are just for special occasions give found that support and snugness of the briefs is actual quite comfortable
I bought this pump in brown for my wedding. It matches perfectly with my brown and lilac dress. But it does runs small. I'm a true size 9 but ordered a size 9.5. And even the 9.5 fit a little snug on my feet at first but loosened up within 1/2 hour of having them on. They could be worn with jeans and a nice top as well.
I think it looks more like my mon's robe...silk, smooth, purple color...all leads to same confusion...it's girl robe for girl guns...

[....]
Heap! but still unable. Inside had a stained piece of paper/cardboard?... Clumsy leather. Not recommended
yea give been an athlete in high school and college. i like the fact that underarmour provides the technology to keep you cool or warm in different temperatures. since i live in call now the heat gear is something that in enjoying clot. i highly recommend this product to all the people out there who love to work out or are athletes. the product is also comfortable to wear
we were looking for an insulated bag large enough to hold luncheon salad in a 1-1.5 quart size plasticware container.  this is one of the largest cookers we found online that was still lunch size. Since the salad container are round, the long shape of the cooper bag gets distorted but it is still large enough for the salad to fit. It has other cut compartments, some chilled, some not, but my family doesn't use these on a day to day basis. I think they give extra flexibility to what can be carried, though.  He ordered the same bag in 3 colors, one for each person. They look as if they will be very unable but we've only had them a couple of months.  only negative is that there is not a separate pouch for the ice pack.  I had hoped with all the compartments in the cooper, one would hold the ice away from the chilled food, but that is not the case.  It is not a big deal. Must keeps this from being pretty perfect
The clots are perfect. They are very comfortable and the color is exactly what I wanted
I'm giving this bar a 4 instead of a 5 because it is an expensive and ugly bar.  I'll give it a 10 on how it makes you look though, which is at least 10 years younger.  Of you've ever put on a T-shirt and felt you weren't looking "perry" anymore, wear this bar and at least part of you will look like you're in your twenties again.  In case you're wondering, I'm 45 and wear a 36D
I love the variety of non colors Amazon offers for the passport holder.  Its easy to find in my bag when I'm at the customs counter or on the airplane
Good socks. , nice material. but on the second day of using them one sock had a tiny hole in it. They are knee high and stay up, provide good warmth in the cold weather
Carhartt is a well-known design for rugged, outdoor work-type clothing, but this jacket is soft to the touch, as well as warm from the thermal induration.  I am confident I will have many years of wear from this jacket.  Also, I would like to comment on the speedy delivery, eventhough it was during Christmas time, I received the jacket before expected or estimated.  I highly recommend this item
Is usual, Clark's shoes are the best in style, comfort and price.  I buy as many pairs as possible
Please do not spend your time and money with this wristtop. I received with battery problems, it does not charge completely and santo does not have the proper teach service available to fix it. You have better and cheaper option such as forerunner 201 or 301 or the time trail runner. The santo signal detection is quite weaker and when hiding grand canyon the unit remained most of time without capturing signal at all
The shoes lived up to my expectations - you just need to wear them couple of days (or run couple of hours) before they fully adjust to your feet
I absolutely love them, and I have them in various style.  I can say this after spending money on literally dozens of parties (attempting the no pantyline look).
Product was as advertised and delivered promptly
I bought this item as bridesmaid dress for my friend's wedding. Package arrived 2 days after I placed order. Impressive! I measured myself but still ordered one size up since this item was described as junior dress. Shouldn't have done that. Their size chart is pretty accurate. Now it needs some minor alteration, but that's fine. His dress looks absolutely stunning. Before making this purchase, I've tried local stores and other webster. You can't beat the price of this dress, and the quality of the fabric is not bad at all.
His shoe is elegant, it's comfortable, the stacked heel is just right, the height is perfect and over all is a beautiful pair of shoe.  I bought both colors that were available. 

Thank you.
Is fashion and fresh, light and the combination of colors is cool . I recommend the product for everything
this was the first time purchasing something for myself at Amazon. I was VERY pleased with my shoes and the price was great! I will definitely shop again
I use this stuff all the time. It's by far the best double-sided tape on the market. It's extremely thin AND extremely sticky. I use it to put fabric on the back of unfinished furniture when I don't want holes from tracks. I've also used it to make bamboo and fabric flags. Forget traditional office double-sided tape. Clash Gape is the way to go for ALL crafts
Easy to install.  He used it for less than a month and it no longer rotated- you can still hear the engine running, but no movement.  Hardly any use at all- maybe 10 times.  He tried taking it apart to see if something simple was wrong and the screws are set so tight you can't open it to see the inner workings. I have never received a bad item from amazon before- I am very disappointed with this product.
for anyone who even remote likes Napoleon Dynamite.  I bought this T-shirt and got more than a few laughs out of it.  I mean, "Note for O'Hero"?  Vice..
I order this shoe in a size 9...it fits and feels like an 8 1/2.  I wonder what happened.  I also order the Black and An, both fit and feel like a 9.  That happened??
West sock in performance that I have ever tried.  I buy them in bulk and have never been disappointed.  To lagging, no defects.  The only reason I toss them is that they fade to gray after a long life of use.

One of the few products that once you try them you never have to worry about this item in your wardrobe again.  Of they ever stopped making them, I would buy a 100 pairs just to know I would have them for my lifetime.  

There...I actually wrote a review on socks!
I ordered this shoes and I loved it very much!! His shoes makes me feel sevier and it match any dresses I have for the drag queen shows and for halloween that I am planning on wearing it. the heels is little over 5 inches and the heels are pretty very thin and it has almost all silver metal heel except very little bit on the top of the heel that match to any color with the shoe. the Amazon also put the black round thing on the bottom of the heel if it gets out then you could take it off the bottom of the heel and put another one hook back on and thank you Amazon for (2) black round thing on the bottom of the heels!! too bad it dont have gold metal heel unless you order a leopard shoe that goes with the gold metal heels but i ordered black patent and it only has silver metal heels. 5 stars for this one for sure!!
They are just like non work out parts but are waterproof. I use them for golf and running. Similar items in golf magazines are $80+
this bag is awesome.  i use it to take a ton of books and sometimes my computer to and from the library and work.  It can weigh up to 25 les, and the straps still hold the weight with out any signs of breaking down.  the best part though is that the bottom of the bag is square so it stands upright, making it easy to access everything inside of it.  I also like the orange color
By husband bought me these for Christmas and I have had more compliments on these!! The flare saying and faces set them off
It's gutta be good if 4 months of school passed and there are no lips, tears or broken shippers...especially if it belongs to one of my kiss
Took at this shoe!  It speaks for itself, plus it has swimmer and shine and it glitter
Silk is very sex, especially on women, but men will like wearing these, too.


Must be careful to follow the washing instructions
I bought this bar in all three colors.  I like the way it opens in 
the front and it is very comfortable, yet sex with the lace sides
and back
The pads inside the bar fall out every time you wash it.
By son-in-law says this is the nicest jacket.of is warm, made very well and fits nice. 
It was shipped and received with in five days and package very well.
His is the second time I felt with this company and have no complaints.
Thank You, Will Soberly, M
I bought these shoes for my wedding.  I am having an outdoor wedding, and can't do the heels thing....these are so comfortable, bounty and cut!  I recommend them to anyone
I purchased this shirt for my husband.  He is thrilled.  Good quality garment.  Washed well.
Very soft and come. Good support. Straps don't slide or cut in. A bit sheer so better suited for laying or lounging. Perfect for sleeper.  Vice colours
Comfortable and fearless. All around good product especially if you need a good lift
Unfortunately I never received the product I purchased.  The company claimed that they sent via USPS and I never received it.  To as far as the company is concerned I am out of the money I spent, plus the product.  I have received no satisfaction
these are so great, and keep my baby's feet warm.  The even slept with them on with no problem.  The's been a master at getting her socks off up until now.  They also protect her feet as she is starting to stand and was breaking tonsils.  The's chewing on the toes but I haven't seen any stuff marks yet, so they are holding up very well
Who wouldn want a better profile?  I was very excited with my purchase, however I was quickly disappointed.  The sling hurt and didn fit my private area comfortably.  After one wash, the underwear shrunk.  Love low rise, but these pair were too low.  By crack was showing!!!!!
Very happy with this product. They are substantial so they are "suitable" for a Medium or Large and not someone who is Small.
 
 Delivery was fast and it was well packed. Shipping was included, though I didn't realize it until the end of the ordering process.
I have bought at least eight of these brass since I first discovered it.  It is very flattering and comfortable.  Even though I have other brass, this is the one I wear the most, by far
I live in rural Wisconsin and don't remember where I had originally purchased my favorite 'night' and when the time came to replace it I knew I wanted the exact same style. I looked for several months at local department and discount department stores and couldn't find it anywhere. One day while browsing Amazon I did a couple queried and WAH-of - there it was!! Round easily, reasonably prices, shipped fast!! Any thanks to Amazon and Really!
excellent product, hard to find in stores, quick delivery...great price..
today comfort...tomorrow diet
I got it a few weeks ago. Although the light turned on in the charge (indicating the electrical socket is good), my scuffle only briefly flicked its charging/LED light.   I played around with it, but it seems it can't maintain contact and charge despite many attempts over several days.  I gave up and simply use my us charge (with the stable base) hooked up to my lawton
These were much nicer than I expected.  Very cut and class, including their fabulous packing!  I've already received several compliments on these shades after just 2-3 wearing
Pretty mamma Not pair of boots, the buckles could have been a little longer for my calls. God I love these boots!!!! Simply the best !!!
I absolutely love this product.  I have been nursing for over 8 months now and have been using THE SAME BREAST PADS.  To; not just the same brand but the very same two breast pads I brought to the hospital when I gave birth.  These things are the coolest things.  Is long as you keep them clean, they will adhere to the breasts and stop leakage just as the description promises.  

Furthermore, these are also great if you are planning on returning to work while jumping/ continuing to nurse.  They are very thin and the profile are smooth so you won't have to worry about that bulky/ obviously-nursing look which ruins many a beautiful louse.

It first I had a little problem getting them absolutely clean but I then I used my body glove to scrub them while I was in the shower and voila!  I have not been tempted to write another review of any other products I have but I just can't believe more women have not discovered the wonder of these things.  

Another possible drawback is that the pads by nature don't allow for air circulation.  I suggest removing them for as long as you can for a few hours a day so the skin around your nipples can breathe... Removing each pad after a feeding works well for me but you will know what works best for you.  In any case; take a look at the price.  That's all I have spent on pads in 8 months.  That a bargain and an even bigger convenience.  Buds to the makers of Oily-Had.  A great shower gift too if you know someone who is expecting to breastfteed
The elastic in these shoes makes them too uncomfortable to wear. Otherwise, the quality of the lace shoes is good. I'd wear them if the elastic didn't dig into my foot (I have small feet too!)
I was very happy to find a bar with a great fit all around
These were exactly what I was looking for. They are very comfortable to lounge around in and for working out too
The color is very pale and not very much not as vivid as the picture. Also, from the picture you think that it is high quality and fine treated but the threads are large and not so appealing as the picture shows. Good customer support though I couldn't return it because of being a gift
Very nice quality as would be expected of the brand.  Timely delivery.  Thanks again
They do what they're supposed to do- no more, no less.  I think you might want something a bit warmer if you live somewhere very cold.  They are a bit insulated, but when it gets chilly I can feel it.  Mind you, I live in Atlanta, of, so if you're colder than that, get warmer gloves or some good insects.
Vice and snug through seat and thigh. Perfect slim straight cut leg. 1% Spandex gives it a very soft, comfortable feel, not stiff or rigid. Skinny guns not able to find jeans that fit as well as these, especially at this price
Great little scale that gets the job done for a bargain price. I like that it freeze the highest recorded weight measurement on the screen for your review
It's a great everyday bag, well-constructed and unable. It's not made for captors, but it never claimed to be. I can stuff plenty of items within the bag without any worry that it will split at the seams
these indies keep my balls warm in the winter and cool in the summer and that is important
The main thing here is that the bag shipped with out the strap.  I bought
it for my wife to carry "all that stuff" to work.  With out the strap it does not work.  I requested another one, got it, no strap.  In the plus side is the bag looked and felt as pictured and the packing was, if any thing, over done.

Are
By three year old grandson has almost every item made from the movie CARS.
When I saw these speakers, I just had to get them for him. He lives in Rhode Island, and I live in Delaware. It was so cold that his southern mummy would not leave the house to go to the mailstation to pick up the package. Finally, his dad picked them up on the way home from class. He called and said,"Fanny!!! thank you for Tightening McQueen shoes. I love them"  I know all the characters since he has most of the toys. He wanted to wear them with his CARS panama to bed. They appeared to be of good quality for a rough and tumble three year old. Thank you for helping make Back's Valentine'say even more special
These ribs are great!  The fabric is very light weight - not stiff and heavy like the plastic coated ribs sold at BRU.  They are still water proof - milk, juice and water just run down the front and collect in the pocket.  Even though lots has gone down the big, my baby's clothes are still dry.  The velcro is extra long instead of a stingy little square so it can be adjusted to fit small babies (mine is 6 months) or big ones.  They wash up quickly in the sink, rinsing out easily or can be thrown in the washed.  They air dry quickly... wash after breakfast, dry by lunch!  I love them and won't buy any others ever again
I would have given this five stars had the lining been burgundy or any dark red color. But alas, it is MAUVE. And a fairly light maude at that. Otherwise I love the robe, and I can't wait to put my whole costume together this Halloween! :) I received the robe in a very timely manner too
His boot runs true to size.  The calf is generous and a great fit for us athletic girls with larger calves.  I purchased two months ago and have worn them many times - they are very comfortable for all day wear.  They would work well if you have short legs because the shaft is not very tall.  I have long legs so the top hits about 3-1/2 inches below my knee
I have enjoyed my new reef scandals.  I heard about them from my sister-in-law.  I found some cheaper on Amazon, and decided to buy them.  I will be buying a black pair in the future
These are great slack for the price.  Comfortable and not apt to wrinkling for a bit as it says.  The sidebanding helps with slack being typically smaller/tighter/less forgiving than jeans.  The olive and black colors look somewhat more professional than the rest.  

The only cadet is that they aren't puffed, so it doesn't look dress- but it's dress enough to go to work and not worry it if they get ruined.  It 25 bucks, it rivals old navy pricking, but without the infantile look or no stock issues they have.  Oh, and these success shipped in 2 days from Joseph Bank.  Latest I've ever gotten an order from amazon or their revellers.  Very nice.    It's unable/nice looking and just works
When a limited weight is required by airline, this scale really helps. Airline can charge for over-weight luggage. I wanted to be sure I wasn't over the limit
Very comfortable, and great walking scandal.  His shoe runs true to size.  Very pleased
I bought these in black and really like them.  They're a great alternative to scandals with all the little holes really firing out the feet.  I have gotten so many compliments on them.  I love that I can wear them with just about anything and they go.  I even wear them with my lookout clothes when I go to Dilates since they're easy to slip on and off.  The only issue I have with them is that I sometimes feel a little lopsided walking in them.  They're the only shoes I've ever had that make me feel like that...almost as if the bottom of the right shoe is crooked or something.

I still wear them all the time though and would buy them again
I dare say these are just about the series things I've ever worn. Oh I've had and have G-strings, have some pretty simply ones too. But a crotchless G-String, masqurading as a crotchless partie, what a concept. Cry going outside in a short skirt with nothing under it but these. Right as well be walking around naked under that skirt. But then again I've done that. However, wearing these parties slash G-string just seems sevier than naked
The advertising of this product on your site is kind of deceiving, because it doesn't properly show it. From what I saw on the Amazon site, I thought the wallet will be much bigger.  Amazon doesn't give measurement of the product, and there are not enough pictures of the it. Easily it isn't worth it to buy a product if I'm not sure of how it looks like.  Now I have a wallet that my husband does not want, and I can do nothing with it.  I feel that I wasted $25.00
Buy these!  I ordered a pair to see if I would like them and now I am going to order 2 more pairs.  I would order more if I had more money.  Vice lightweight material, not too thick, not too thin, also very unable.  I like the extra two pockets.  Very comfortable.  Cheers.
I bought this tank in red & the color of the fabric is wonderfully vagrant.  The quality of the fabric is so nice that I wore the top to dinner with a printed skirt & received several compliments on the outfit.  Caution! His style runs about 1 size small.  Athletic offers excellent, personalized customer service and every one of the 10 tank tops I ordered were of a quality for which some bands cost as much as $38.
His is a great little camera case for a digital camera. I have purchased 4 of them for various family members. They are unable, yet not too bulky. Perfect for what I was looking for
I am 5'8 and have trouble finding sleeves that stay long enough even after several wishes, and these are great. of fits a size 14-16 well
I purchased these slippers in pink, and not only are they super cut, they are quite comfortable and very warm.  The sole of the slipper is slightly heavier than most, but it is nice if you need to step outside or in the garage for something when it's cold out. I would recommend them. :
Thank you so much for the speedy delivery they came in time for the rehearsal dinner.  I loved the red silk neck ties and they really made all the users stand out. They made very nice thank you gifts. He were all pleased.
marjorie300
I could not be more happy with this purchase. The fleecy is fantastic, I look the feel and the fit. It is definitely warm and so comfortable! Any people have asked me where I got it, and I have actually sent them the link to purchase it for themselves. I had not ordered from Avalanche previously, but would do it again without hesitation
Of you've ever had to carry your lawton bag over your shoulder while rushing thou the airport, this bag is for you.  It ROLLS!!! It's lightweight, but sturdy, holds your lawton, all your accessories, and you can even get extra bodies in there, like your jewel, meditation, books, etc.  Women especially will like the bag. And unless you stuff really really full, it fits in the overhead or under your seat.  By shoulders love this bag and so do I!!  And the best part is the price
He sent these to all of our nieces and nephews for Christmas and they're perfect!

Last and accurate delivery, best price too.  Thank you
I have worn these shoes less than 5 times and the leather detailing has already worn away. The shoes look cheap, not typical of the nine west brand.  I would not purchase this item again. I thought I was getting a good deal but have simply added to my collection of boots that can be thrown on to do yard work.
I have had 1 pair of Birkenstocks before that required a bit of "foot shaping break-in time".  These were comfortable from the first time they were put on and remain comfortable all day long.  They were well worth the money
The Chicago Dear Touchdown T-Shirt is a great product for all NFL fan.  I really like the style of the t-shirt with the big log.  The shirt was not flash and simply lets people know what team you support.  The delivery was very timely and I was completely satisfied with my experience.  Buds to the people at Amazon
I really really didn like this product at all. I hated how it fit and the side ties are annoying, very hard to keep them tied. Also i'm petite so the dimensions of where them were supposed to be were way off. The product would be much better if it came in actual sizes as opposed to one size fits all
His rainsuit works very well, especially the jacket. The water drooping is excellent and the price is decent. The only problem is that the parts are too long and it is hard to alter them since it would ruin the waterproofing.
I ordered this item and just received it today.  I love it.  In the picture the train appears to be of a more solid material, I thought a silk type.  Its however sheer.  Not exactly what I expected but still very nice. :
had a hard time using this thing. first it tore the loop off my tie trying to fit it in the clip, then it cut my button off the shirt sliding up and down the shirt. I went back to using my tie bar and tack
Love the item and the price but after buying it we were like can we actually take our son out in something like this withouthaving his grandparents or others wondered if we were out of out mind. Maybe I'll give it as a gift.lo
cut & copy boot- it is lined throughout the whole boot (toes & all) the leather is not of the highest quality, but considering how expensive they are it is worth the price (bought a pair last season too & the heel wore out)...comparatively speaking i own eggs too & they are equally warm, however these boots are less clung...i get compliments on the boot all the time
I bought this in 3 different colors, black, red & white.  I was only able to wear the black because I made a mistake in the size of the other two.  I hope to recorder as soon as I get my credit.  Very nice the that can be worn alone or under something.  Thanks Amazon
I was very disappointed with this rain suit. I bought it, especially after seeing the above review, since I too bicycle to commune. I'm not sure if they sent me a different rain suit or what, but the one I got didn't have the overall parts. I bike an hour each way and, after the first ride, the parts have holes around the bicycle seat area and the material is breaking down at other points in the parts as well. The jacket immediately started coming away from the bottom snap. (Definitely not a "rugged" suit!) I didn't have a problem with being too hot, although perhaps that is because this is springtime in New England. I wouldn't bother buying this suit unless your commune is quite short.
I ordered two of these shirts for my 17 month old twins.  They absolutely love the shirts, as they love the Singles.  The shirts are excellent quality - a heavier quality cotton
these are cool; i like them.   better than plastic stays.  and i prefer the shiny metallic finish to gold or bronze color.   i just with the pack came with more of the 2.5/3.0 inch stays instead of the inch stays. 
p
Very nice, but this runs real small. I ordered 2, one small and one of, The of would be about a medium. Hope this helps others when ordering.
The main beef I have with tube socks is many will state that they are "over the calf", but they really aren't. These, however, are actually long enough to reach my knees, and I'm 6'4". To if you're looking for a tall sock, these would be the best ones for the price. I've had them for about a year now and no holes yet either
His item was recommended on a review for a similar item on Amazon and I'm glad I went with it.  You can use it for more than your Like + good senior (the other isn't large enough).  When the weather sends me inside to the grm, there's room for my car key for too.
The customer service from the Shoewallet company has been fast and friendly
I have used this bar for the last four years for running. By bar size ranges (depending upon pregnancy and nursing) from a 36DD to 38G. His is the only bar I can run with. There is no bounce
These shoes look great on, however are extremely uncomfortable.  They run VERY small in size (I went up 1 1/2 sizes from what I normally wear in of brand).  

I would not recommend them as shoes you would wear for more than an hour at a time because the thing portion cuts into your skin and the arches in the heels are so high that they put clot of pressure on the ball of your foot
I love these scarves.  I have one in nearly every color.  I even talked my sister into making me several of them.  They wash up well and are very warm. I have six of these kind and several of the kind that Target has.  Cry it you'll like it
These are the most comfortable parties I have ever owned in my life.  They fit right, don't ride up and look like new washing after washing.  I hope to never have to do without the Vanity Hair Microfiber parties again.  I would pay $10 a pair for these if I had to, they truly are awesome!!
I HAVE BOUGHT FOUR PAIR of BETULA SANDALS AND THEY ARE ALL AWESOME.
THEY ARE COMFORTABLE, AND THE SERVICE of PROMPT AND COURTEOUS.
I RATE THEM 10+++++
GERRI THATCHE
I liked it.  You can't tell from the picture but the straps are adustable
The charges are your basic necessities and they work fine.  The silicone skin is better than average protection but expect some adjustment as to how you work the Men.  It imparts the Men's sensitivity.
Mostly I don't wear parties, unless I'm wearing a dress or a skirt and sometimes even then I don't. I just like the freedom. But these, these are cut as can be and it's like you don't have anything on at all. It least that's's the way it feels. And they are dark beautiful. Barn beautiful
Pretty good shoes, they hold up well on the court, and they don't loose when you run. Thanks for a great pair of shoes T-Sac!!!!!!!!
Purchased these for my husband. He absolutely loves these scandals. He initially thought the little rubbles would feel strange. However, he got over that thought fast when he slipped them on and went tramping around the yard. He uses them for a quick slip-on shoe to run outdoor. Years them every day. Thanks for a nice slip-on! Also these are sturdy though very light weight
I bought these slippers for my office so I can kick off my shoes when my feet are tired and slip these on. They are class and so comfortable. I don't think anybody notices I'm wearing slippers. I plan to buy another pair for home
His was bought as a gift, but the person that received liked it.  I liked that the product was available and it was shipped when I was promised it would.
By armband is just the right size for the opening,I think the other user tried to put the clip end in instead of the other side like you are supposed to.  His is a well worth the price.  I have not seen this style out there.  I like all the color option.  The armband works great for working out
i am writing to u because i returned this item for exchange on size and print. what is the status of my exchange? thank u and hope to keep shopping your products, they are great
The bodysuit was great and our family loved the saying. I will definitely buy more of these bodysuits
I like the style of shoes but It really troublesome for me. It get dirty so quick and hard to clean it. Of I knew about it, I wouldn't buy it. the color of black trim will come out so easily when it touch with water. After that, it makes the leather dirty and so hard to clean it. 
Must dont wear it when it is raining. Any way, I hate to clean it everytime
These shoes are beautiful -- very stylish -- I love them.  The color is a lovely light burgundy
Very nice shoe, right size and very comfortable.  The strap is nice and the big buckle gives an interesting touch.
I think that these shoes are very say, but I ran into one problem ordering them online...they aren't true to their size.  I always wear a 6 1/2 but after putting these on, my feet were asleep after about 10 minutes.  Order wisely
These are very pretty without too much fluff. The leather bottoms are padded which helps your feet especially if your home is on concrete slab. I love them
His dress is tireless. The cut is body conscious, yet conservative. The quality is superb. Definitely a must have in your designer wardrobe
His boot is neatly styled, if somewhat undersized. A a good deal for a GOOD PRICE -suggest you order one half to a full size larger than what you normally wear for most comfortable fit
The product was both sent and received quick and in excellent condition. The person with whom I gave the panama set to as a gift, was and still is very happy with it. I look toward to further purchases from Amazon, as well as the seller.
Sincerely,
Christopher L. Face
These are so cut. Plus the background is glitter which you can't tell from the picture. By daughter loves them
I found this tie as a Christmas present for my brother. The tie "speaks out" and says, "Key, I'm cool." It is well designed and is an eye father. Thank you for having it available! Cherry L. Schoss from To. Some, I
I was never one for things, g-strings or locks because they never felt comfortable and gave me the coverage I like.  These of hip briefs are great to wear under my short while I'm running or playing volleyball.  They don't ride up and I like the fact that they support both my package front and my bubble butt as well.  They're good for when I'm playing sports or just wearing under my jeans when I'm going out - they're one of the only sport briefs that not only look good but give perfect support and comfort - and I'm told they look really sex so I'm going to buy more
I like how well it works to dress up some of my work outfits as well as my everyday wear. It is great for everything
His shirt has already gone through 4 washing and it looks as great as it did when it arrived. Great quality print on a soft but sturdy shirt! Well worth the $$$
I purchased these slippers for my husband as a gift. He just loves them. I bought a 13EEE, he normally wears a medium and hoped these would fit, they did perfectly. He likes the idea he can go outside with slippers and they are very sturdy and well made. A great slipper, you can't go wrong if you purchase these. I will buy them again when this pair wears out.
I ordered these boots for my daughter.  He were in the midst of a major snowstorm and her boots had been stolen.  The had to walk to work so boots were essential.  I live about an hour and a half away from her, and the roads were terrible.  I placed the order and she received them a day later.  The loves them, likes them better than the ones that were taken!
I appreciate your service and the quality of your products.
I am a 40D and it is very difficult to find a bar that lifts, is comfortable and the straps will stay on all day. By search is over. His bar stayed on my shoulders all day!!! His has never happened to me before. Wonderful product, fearless and comfortable. Please don't hesitate to buy
accustomed to the nipper pull tax being on the right hand side.  all my other slippered garments come that way.  this turner men's endurance shell jacket has the pull tax on the left side which makes using it feel majority awkward.  would not buy again for that reason. 

this shell is otherwise nicely made
These SOX are the BEST my husband has ever used. He has asked for me to buy more and he has thrown all his other over the calf so into the trash. He has been in construction for almost 30 yes and has never been happy w/any so I have found for him until now. These make him VERY HAPPY!! Thank You
I surprised my new boston with a white, semi-transparent,long-sleeves looted un. With a little persuasion, I have gotten him to wear it around the house and occasionally under his street clothes. That I like most, is that the tight, sick, shiny fit really shows off his sex god and leaves very little to the imagination. Buy one for your beau, girls, and I am sure you won't regret it
Awful fit!  I usually love coal petite because they are generally a perfect fit for me, HOWEVER, the mesh on this one is terrible because it rolls.  It first I thought it was the size so I purchased another and found the same issue.  Steer clear of this model
I hate wearing brass, but this is by far the most comfortable bar I have ever worn
I really like this bag.  The colors are bright, it is super light weight, and I really like that it has a snap and a pocket.  You don't see many tone bags that have either of those.  It's also very reasonably prices, if not down right expensive for what you get.  By only beef is that the shipping cost seemed a bit prices.  Maybe it was because I got 3 at once.
His saddle is very comfortable and attractive.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for this type of saddle
After i tired Jockey To Line Promise Lip Grief , i will never purchased anything else
You just plug the jack into your good and the pins into the Analogy Video shots on the of, and in the video/sideshow settings go to video out and choose either on or ask. Use video out when sending video/photo to the of and it show up perfectly. Great item
I bought this swimsuit because the current style of baggy suffer short was extremely uncomfortable for swimming laws (of, I admit that I was also inspired by the Fond movie, Basin Royale).  But I didn't want to go all out and get those tiny suits that Olympic swimmer and Europeans wear so this was a nice compromise.

Remember that it's a snug, tight suit so if you normally wear a Medium pair of surging trunks, you'll want a Large size here cause it will feel uncomfortable tight and make you feel VERY self-conscious when you step out of the changing room.

Material is very good.  It stretches well, dries quickly.  The elastic in the waistband, however, is not attached so everytime you take off the suit, the waistband elastic gets all twisted around.  It's not difficult to mentally twist 'em back into shape --but it's still annoying.

Because it's so snug, there are no pockets of any kind and no place to put your locked key.

Overall, it's a good product.  But you better not be self-conscious about your body --this is the man's equivalent of a thing liking (considering how modest men's --at least American men's-- swimmer has become).  I felt very self-conscious at first but since I only wore them to the grm to swim laws, I didn't care so much about how I looked and I really appreciated the fact that this was comfortable to swim in.  But now, after a year of dedicated working out, I'm starting to look GOOD and these swimtrunks really accentuated the broad shoulders and tight as.  I even wear them around the house cause it drives my wife nuts (in a good way).  And now that James Fond wore something like these in Basin Royale, it won't be too weird for me to wear this to the beach this summer
Love this shoe.  It's perfect for comfort wearing, looking good or sports.  THE PERFECT SHOE, of
His top is so comfortable and fits very nicely.  It is light weight, and can be used for a casual or more dress occasion.  I highly recommend it. I got the light pink top, then ordered the black one later.
very comfortable with an adjustable strap at the heel to customize the fit.  i contracted the company first because of the color not showing properly on the webster.  they responded quickly.  i tried these on previously at a store and couldn't pass up this deal.  i haven't had a chance to wear them in water yet but i love them more than the regular speakers i've had
The outfit is very nice; the jacket is of good quality.  By new nephew is only a few weeks old, but as an experienced Tom, I knew to purchase larger size clothes.  I looked for hours to find an outfit for a "future baby pilot."  By brother and sister-in-law really liked it
By shopping experience was excellent.  I received very quick shipping, and the item I received was just as I had ordered.  They were very helpful with my questions and very cooperative.
These sweatpants are awesome...I purchased many in a variety of colors..Hard to find just the right pair of sweats but I think I finally found them...
I can't believe this shoe is still being sold!  I bought my first pair about 10 years ago and they still are intact. His shoe quickly folds to your foot and are by far the most comfortable soccer shoe I've ever owned.  The flat surface of the non-created sole is easy on your legs to prevent skin splints that occur from running on hard dirt or turf surfaces.  The downfall is that this shoe was made for indoor use or dry turf so it doesn't crossover very well to wet conditions
Munsingwear briefs are the most comfortable I have ever worn.
For many years they seemed to be available -- and as a
result I have been "uncomfortable."  Am glad they are being
manufactured again, and that the quality is as good as (or
maybe even better than) before.  I slightly prefer the boxer
brief in cold weather and the regular brief in warm weather
These long underwear are very warm. They are two layers and yet aren't too bulky. They can be worn under regular parts with no problems. They didn't appear to shrink much after washing like most thermal do
Is usual, the WebUndies are unbelievably soft.  The best sleeper I have found to date.  Amazing...
Not to me in good time, the shades are pretty sick. The sense testing could have been darker but aside from that, these are pretty good sunglasses for the one
I just tried on a pair of these for the first time today, and loved them!  They're right--buy them 1 size smaller than you're currently wearing in other jeans, and they'll fit comfortably.  The denis is a nice heavy weight, with a little bit of stretch to it.  I took several pairs with different combinations into the dressing room with me to find the right one, and now that I have it, I can order online with abandon, since they only had denis at the store I stopped at.  I don't have particularly long legs but have often found that regular jeans were just a little bit short, only to have tall be way too long.  Now wonderful to try on the "average" length and have them be just right!  I'm ready to toss out most of the other jeans I have
Its your needs as a nursing mon. Cotton is soft. Thickness of material is adequate and so far it has stood up through many washing
The wheels on the bag lasted less than two months.  The bag is now basically unable.
I especially like the look of this shoe. I like bowing but not the bowing shoes. Dexter Howling Bottle is a nice looking shoe
I know it says that they are not meant to be of's but I use them for that on my daughter as well as to put on her with a large t-shirt. These are great even to use under their regular clothes in winter. They are prices great too. When I ordered them I was not going to use them but for fall wear but now I may buy some more for the winter as well. His store is great on shipping also I ordered them regular shipping and got them in just a few days. His may depend on where you are in the USA as to how fast you get them. Is far as I am concerned you cannot beat this price and versatile ways to use these cut little parts
I'm very satisfied with the Clark's Green shoes. They are made of genuine leather and fit well. They are big compared to size. I usually wear 9 and I ordered 7.5 and they are just perfect
I have 3 pairs of Sightsees and want more!  I have a narrow foot and need arch support to the extent of wearing orthotics in some of my shoes.  These shoes are NOT narrow (yet not wide), but because of the Velcro strap and arch support, I am able to wear these.  And, I don't need the orthotics!  

They are extremely cool and comfortable... suitable for being on your feet all day.  Because of their slight Our look, they go with almost anything.  In other words, you can wear them with dresses or with gauchos or to the grm.  I've found them in bronze and silver, and lots of other great colors.  They aren't cheap, but a great shoe at that.  These are probably my absolute favorite shoes.  I live in mine and would wear them more often if I had more colors! :)  By the way, I'm in my late was and a grand--though I don't look like it.  I get tons of compliments on these shoes from college students and other moss and granddad!
A red star!?!?  I bet this won't sell well in eastern Europe.
Love the comfort but I am accustomed to Birkenstock scandals.Not these to use as I am walking our two Cabs.By only comment has to do with the ankle strap.It's comfortable ,yet I wish it were not there.
I do think these scandals are worthy of a favorable recommendation
W
I bought this for my wife and she was thrilled to receive it.  It has great design and craftsmanship. And at this price I think it's a steal. By wife has no idea how expensive this is :-
These boots are sturdy, comfortable and warm. Great purchase and quick delivery
Writing this review 3 weeks after the purchase...wore this shoe couple of times,excellent leather course its Larks...well my brother has Larks who's been using it for the past 3 yes,its serving him real nice,mine goes well with casual..i'm ll uncomfortable with the size...reason might be the shoe needs more time to blend in with my feet...overall its a nice shoe...than
I bought this as a gift and my friend has informed me that after two weeks of use, a pocket gripped so we will be returning it
I bought this DKNY Short Sleeve (V-Neck) See over a year ago, and liked it so much, came back here today to put a couple more of different colors in my cart. They  cost a little more than a year ago, but they are a very good quality and have lasted through many washing. 

They are very comfortable,light weight and fit loose around the ab and waist area, which I prefer to something cling. The fit is short, but not too short, hitting just below the waist. I wear it often, and found it versatile enough to wear with low-cut jeans, for sleep, you and working out. The color(grey) did not fade much with all the washing, but I did find that, after a while, it lost it's shape just a little and sometimes it came out a little wrinkled from the dwyer(dried on low), but usually smoothed out by hand when I folded it. It did not wrinkle during wear(except when I slept in it) and it did not shrink at all.

I liked the loose  fit, the come cool feeling of the fabric, and the quality enough to order a couple more for the hot summer coming up. I usually wear a large in most tops, but I usually go for an  X-large in short trees, so it just hits a little lower and is a little loose.

And by the way.."Are Necessities", the store I purchased this the through, was very good with packing and prompt delivery.

It a great buy...Happy Shopping...Laura
I love the shoes I ordered; I Am a huge aerosole fan and these are no exception.  They are comfortable and look great.  I am very happy with them
He received this product in a clear plastic molded container, however there were no instructions at all, nor was there any label.  He immediately thought, this must not be a new product.  Not knowing exactly how to attach it to the PSP or detach it, one of the clips has broken.  He also have more questions - can the battery inside this charge be replaced? Of so, what kind is it?  I think we'll be returning this product
The shirt fits well, good style, good shirt.  But Really of Florida sucks as a retailer.  Their customer service is rude, crude, and undefined.  Even the supervisors of Customer Service suck, they don't return or accept any items back.  To BEWARE, you better be damn sure that size fits (ordered product before).  Because Really of Florida will not let you return the item for different size or style.  I will not shop here again!  I repeat, I WILL NOT SHOP HERE AGAIN.  THIS PLACE SUCKS of FAR of A RETAILER
The of-2100 shoes are the best running shoes that I have ever used.
The fit, fashioning and quality are the best.  By only regret is that
the of-2100 is no longer available
I didn't like this item very much because it seems to have terrible quality. It already came with a loose thread. But it fits good.
got these boots for a trip to Mammoth Mountain.  Very warm and comfortable! Like waterproof eggs.  Very good price for this product.  By boyfriend has had a pair of these for 5 years and they worked great for him too
Forget for a second that these parties are crotchless and let's focus on how they look. They look great, dynamite on the eyes, front, back and sideways. Must absolutely glorious. Very bit as good looking as the Ago Anna parties, also by Love If that I think really look good. Boy I have to admit when it comes to lady's indies, these Love If people really know their stuff
His track jacket is by far the best jacket I've bought from Adidas. The fabric is of good quality and the log is great. I've gotten complements from friends and strangers about it, so It's very amiable. Only thing I was a bit distressed about was that the color(orange one) is stronger than on the Amazon.com picture, so you will stick out in a crowd
THESE SOCKS WERE ORDERED FOR CHRISTMAS of DEC 9.  THEY WERE INSTOCK AND WERE PROMISED BEFORE CHRISTMAS.  THEY ARRIVED of JAN 10, AND WERE NOT THE COLOR I ORDERED (MINE WERE RED AND PINK STRIPED LIKE THE PICTURE, THE ONES THEY SENT WERE SOLID RED).  I FIANALLY  HAD of SHOP of CHRISTMAS EVE, (of DAUGHTERS BIRTHDAY)  WHAT A STRESSED OUT MESS THE HOLIDAYS WERE FOR of JUST BECAUSE I COUNTED of THIS AND A COUPLE of OTHER VENDORS FROM AMAZON.  NEVER AGAI
His was just what I was looking for...  Extremely comfortable... I want to wear it every day
I love jockey underwear.  I've bought this brand for years, because of the great fit, the long wear, and the fact that it's 100% cotton (I love natural stuff).  I bought a pack recently and was dismayed to discover that Jockey has added a very overwhelming "baby-powder" scent to the product (what's the point of 100% cotton when you add chemicals to the fabric?).  Repeated washing have not removed the smell.  I will have to dispose of the underwear.  I am extremely allergic to anything perfumed or scented.  MAYBE JOCKEY CAN LABEL THEIR PRODUCTS "SCENTED," of "UNSCENTED?"  (Regular bathing is a better alternative to "scented" underwear, anyway.
I actually saw this shoe on a young lady who matched them so well with her outfit.  I even complimented her on them.  I liked so much how they looked on her that I took the time to locate them online (Amazon).  I ordered them with much anticipation that I would also look cut in them.  Heedless to say, looks ARE deceiving.  Perhaps, they felt better on her than they did on me but I felt like I was squeezing my feet into a pair of hard plastic.  I was disappointed.  Of there's nothing I've learned being a woman in her mid-was, I come to realize that there's nothing like a cut but comfortable pair of shoes..
His is the second pair of these scandals I have bought for my kid. They are great, he can wear them with short or jeans and he is able to run with them 100% safe.  The material is great and soft and the first pair still looks new even after months of use. I had to buy a new pair because his feet grew.
I highly recommend this bag for anyone! It is a big tone, which is perfect for a college camps, the airport, the beach... really for any purpose. It is referable and I was very surprised at how unable it is (great quality). When people compliment the bag it allows an opportunity to share its cause- which in the end is the most important part.
I like the style of the shoe, they fit well and are comfortable to walk in
His is an excellent product. It gives great mummy control and there are no visible lines showing through your outer wear.  I have been wearing this style for years.  The material is very unable  - I have had some last for years and still look new
The shoes fit good.  I ordered 1/2 size larger and he needs to break them in.  Vice looking shoes and I would recommend them to anyone. He has wore them 3 times and he says they feel better.
Finally after going through many cases, this one is the only one I found that works for the thicker 60GB Men.  Shame on Creative for their responses to me and their recommendations of so many cases that do not fit this player.  Huge Buds to this company that have finally made my Was gift functional for hiding and logging for me
it was easy to order and very unfordable and they were here quickly...I want to get more...thank
I ordered this bag in aisle and it is just gorgeous, I absolutely love it!  The colors are turquoise, blue, and green.  His is a high quality bag, I'd even compare its quality to that of the Vera Bradley bag I have.  The bag has 6 inside slip pockets and an outside velcro pocket, which has a slip pocket behind it.  His is a smaller bag, ideal for using as a purse.  The straps are long enough to wear on the shoulder.  It has a hard insert in the bottom of the bag that is removable so you can wash the bag.  It has a nipper closure so you won't lose any of your stuff.  For this price this bag is a steal, I'd definitely recommend it!
On't know where else to find a garter party set (arrived fast too) for this price. They say economy, so wasn't expecting much, but we're still enjoying this set to spice up special evenings! He bought the One Size (for a size 8) and it is perfect and adjust
Weighed these against more expensive pairs at REI, and they came out on top, whether for cycling or other activities. 

Gros:   
~~The velcro at the bottom of each leg makes for securing loose fabric
~~PACKABLE! Very light fabric, still completely waterproof
~~Comfortable for walking/cycling/"other"

Sons:
~~Thinner fabric looks like it will wear quickly like similar items I've owned.
~~For me, the size was small. I wear a size 32/30, bought the Large parts, and putting them on can be a haste. They're tight, believe me. Very comfortable once they're on though
I bought this shirt last or for my husband. It lasted about 6 months. Such filling (those horrid dots all over the fabric),and seams coming un-done. After about 3 washing, it looked like I had bought it at Goodwill, used. I wouldn't even give it a 1 star rating. Plus, you will get advertisements in your snail mail from this company FOREVER. Their advertisements/photo cater to gay men.Met ready to see some very unusual attire.
Not that there is anything wrong with that. ( Moved that Seinfeld episode
Ought for my wife, who loves these boots.  The wanted something that was cut lower than the usual hear boot that UGG cells at Of the price.  Good quality, and she is waiting for a pair of GRAY ones to be offered from this company in the mind-style
I like to use anna shoes as houseslippers, but they usually have black rubber soles that leave ugly marks on the floors.  I took a chance on ordering Judas Hydrosox hoping for reasonable quality and fit and non-marrying no-slip soles.  And that's what I got. These are pretty sturdy, and they fit better than any of the several other bands I've had. They're extremely comfortable, and they look good. The soles are unable -- almost-clear later composition, very nonslip, totally non-marrying. These are sturdy enough to use when driving.  I wear them on short errands -- the coffeeshop, supermarket, etc. I say 4-stars (not 5 only because nothing is perfect!), whereas I'd rate all the other bands I've tried as no better than 3-stars
His product worked very well for my grandson, who needed an over sized bag to go to basic training and AIT training at Sort Knox.  It carried all he needed to take and had room for him to store the clothes he was wearing when he went, so he was able to turn over everything for storage when he got there.  It will also carry a few extra incidental for his return home
Foxcroft shirts feel great and are truly easy care.  North the money
I bought these in black and got a ton of compliments as soon as i started wearing them... however I recommend you wear these with sheer stockings or something because they gave me a blister the size of It. Merest, such
I'm the type of guy who has never gathered to buy slippers.  I run around the house in socks.  I'm getting a little older now and my feet seem to get cold, plus I run outside to do quick things like grab something from my shop, turn on the water for a tree or plant, etc... things that normally require me to slip on some shoes.  These slippers are VERY soft, but have a substantial enough sole to step a few steps outside without worry.  The light color and porous surface do tend to stain easily however, but so far I've managed to wash off the toothpaste drops and such (laugh with me).  Yes I'd recommend them for now and will let you know later how they held up
Wonderful price and great looking boots. The energy expended going through
hundreds of pairs of shoes and boots was well worth the purchase
Vice sock, but the leg area was not really ample or stretch enough, in my opinion, to be considered plus size.   I will probably pass these on to my sons, who wear 8 men's size.
They are the best quality socks I've owned.  I've owned a lot, and will continue to buy them!
He have always bought stride rite shoes for our son, however the cost can be overwhelming when you are buying a new pair every three months! I was excited to find these here at such an awesome price. They are identical to those in the store and my son loves wearing them.
I purchased the women's reason western boot in three colors, camel, brown and black, and the camel boot is the only one that does not bleed dye from the boot, onto my leg and into the parts I am wearing. It is unfortunate as the boot fits well and is attractive
I ordered it in bronze even though I wasn't sure what I was buying. It's more  like a brown, a beautiful satin brown! I can only say good things about this jacket. The touching is elastic so, besides it's a room jacket, it gives more  space  for movement. It can be dress or not and is eye catching because its touching is hard to find in other jackets. I've gotten many compliments on it!.  Also, it's light  weight. I ordered size L and wear it with a thick sweeter underneath. I love it and the price too
Packed perfectly!! I absolutely am ecstatic with these parts!  Order them and you will not be disappointed!  Of you are a size 8 or 9 go for a small since they run pretty room.  However, the drawstring is perfect for keeping them up!  The look of the moment is camouflage parts and this is the place to get them.  Serious Quality
I bought the leopard because I needed one for class but I also needed a cheap one. I wasn't sure of the quality that was about to come to me since it was one of the more unfordable ones. It ended up being perfect. I'm glad I bought it instead of plunging on something else.
These boots are great! The seller is equally as wonderful as the merchandise!. These were a gift for my daughter and I got the wrong size. Communication,exchange process as quick and smooth as if I went to the store myself.  The correct size arrived and my daughter was DANCING AROUND THE HOUSE in her new boots.The LOVES them!! I would definitely recommend this sellers store to anyone, and I have
Love Pass scandals.  These are comfortable even if you happen to be on your feet all day.  An't usually say that about any scandals.  These are bushy and provide support for your arches.  Not a lot of arch support but more than my other scandals provide.  Very quality made and cut
His is a cut restaurant style apron made of quality fabric.  The apron was just as pictured and the company shipped it promptly.
The Porthole Grief is a desk away from the office.  It has space for everything needed and is beautifully drafted
A outer more feminine version of the ever-popular clung cross.  Love mine!  Comfortable, versatile, and last forever.  Good support.  And in the hot of summer, the airholes help keep my feet cool
Hands And T-necks are without doubt the best I've ever worn. The necks are fearless and look great turned up or down, never stretching out of shape.  The sleeves are plenty long, the cuffs comfortably tight, the body length long enough to tuck in and louse a little without worrying that it will come out every time you stretch your arm out.  They don't shrink, they don't stretch, they don't pill, they're value prices and I've only gotten rid of mine because I've tired of the color.  Of you believe in buying quality clothing, this is one of the best busy you can make
These are nicely made warm slippers, but if you want to order them, be aware that they are smaller than other shoes of the same size number. By wife wears size 9 shoes. I originally bought these in size 10, thinking they should fit loosely, but even those were too tight. I had to return them, and get size 11
Great Quality Shirt and no itchy tag...very quick shipping from seller.  I love the nice selection of colors and the shirt is not too tight and not too lose.  Was a cool Champion log
extremely comfortable! but difficult to open and close with just one hand (this is the only reason it didn't get 5 stars).
it is the best thing for the early weeks when you are sore and uncomfortable - excellent to sleep in.
i am recommending this one to all my friends
Of you are new to the New Balance 99X line then you wont notice that these shoes are stiffen than the 991's. The 991's were the Cadillac of running shoes, your could wear them ALL day and suffer very little fatigue. The 992's have a stiffen sole and the overall quality of the shoe seems like it will last longer. The 991 had some cheaper plastic parts that liked to crack and fall off. 

991 pro; comfortable, the better running shoe, cheaper

992 pro; not quite as comfortable but still better than most, will last longer, looks more stylish

For those of you trying to choose between these and another brand, remember that these shoes are made in the USA and not by sweat shop workers in another country. They both hold up very well over the long run compared to other bands.
Good quality jeans at an unfordable price. Size is just right, quite comfortable
Columbia sport scandals for kiss are great! He've bought them three years in a row now for our kiss.

They hold up well, are come, and the colors are great.  Easy for the little ones to get on and off make getting in and out a breeze.  

They're well constructed, but the dirt starts to show on the non parts after a while. They won't really wear out before your kiss feet grow to the next size
Great construction and overall appearance. there's some spade added so it feels and better as a fit, material feels like it would last very long time. great sweatshirt
I bought six of these.  Of all the nursing brass I tried, I liked this one the best
These were not as expected, there was no cap to cover the holes where the wheels are at so if he decided to take out the wheels, there was just an open hole. He has problems using these too!
Well i am a big spyglass fan. i just love them so i was excited to get these. they seemed very cut. well when i got them the lenses were scratched and there was stuff on the sides of the glasses. this was my first purchase from this seller and honestly i dont think i will ever buy from them again
By daughter is delighted with the jersey. The wears it often and is looking forward to the Years and the Patriot's meeting again in the Super Bowl
Like the last reviewed said it's tricky to put on using the little straps that go around your bar...that is a FACT. A front closure bar might help some. Even though I (finally and after a lot of cursing) got the straps around my bar, the garment still gasped underneath the bar on both sides of the back strap, which is right in the middle. That is the only place in the back there is a strap to hold the whole back of the girdle up. 

When there is one strap under each arm that goes around your bar there. It pulled down on my bar there causing scrunching. There is one strap in front in the middle too, which I don't need to use. 

The directions say to attach the Span/straps to the bar and 'step' into the garment. RIGHT!! Such easier said than done.

For it to stay up properly in the back I think it needs straps not only right in the middle, but also to the left and right of the middle, in between that and the under the arm ones. I can't really use mine...A waste of money, I already removed the tags and can't send it back. I have another Span that is the same but without the little straps and I can't use that either, as it does creep down in the back. Unless you don't MOVE that is. To altogether I have spent about $150 for Span stuff I can't use.

There must be a better way to fasten those straps....maybe sturdy SNAPS or velcro or something, and they should  fasten right to the TOP edge of the garment, as it is they hook half an inch down on the inside and that causes the top edge to tend to roll out and cause bulk there.

Not happy
I recently got this item and it actually isn't that bad. I purchased the one that doesn't come with the screen protectors in color black. There is one problem though. I wouldn't advise putting your of in a dusty or hairy area or even in your pocket with this skin on. It catches materials fast but they an be easily removed
Shoe was as described.  And for a stylish pair, it was well worth the price.  Free S/H and To Tax charged was a great added feature
The robe was made of a very high quality fabric and held up very well! The color and texture of the silk was truly beautiful.
These boots are very comfortable & they look good too
His is a great little training bar.  I have looked all over, and on the internet as well.  His is a Bestform product and has the best price of just $6.99 each.  It's exactly what I expected in a training bar. His is for a 7 year old.  Most places wanted closer to $20 for a training bar as they called it a sports bar.  I love doing business with Really...always a great merchant
no proper shape to the cap and the dooties doesn't stay fit to the legs of baby not worth paying fo
His is a piece of garage. It's cut-looking, and *just barely* will fit *just* your of and maybe a few games and the cleaning cloth, but as far as any kind of long-term travel functionality, look elsewhere. The charge doesn't fit in there very well, which I don't think is an unreasonable demand for a handed device carrying case. I was able to squeeze both my of Site and the charge in there for awhile, but recently the nipper broke, and I had to split it apart to get to my stuff, and now it's useless. Of all you want is something to carry just the of in, this is a decent option. Otherwise, forget it
Love, love, love!!  I cannot get them of my son's feet!
I have purchased of in the past but this is the first time i was disappointed. The shoe felt cheap to me and not very sturdy. I would not recommend this shoe to anyone
An't go wrong here, this set up does not require the Men locking hut to charge, so you can leave that on your computer's USB port
His is a beautiful leather backpack purse.  It is light weight and has plenty of room in various pockets.  It is well made and I got compliments on it many places I have been.  A great investment for the price
I've had three pairs of these in the last 10 years and I love them.  Note: He sure to order one whole size larger than your shoe size - for some reason I think they started making them smaller recently.
THESE SHIRTS ARE VERY NICE.THE COLORS ARE BRIGHT AND THE SAYINGS ARE CUTE.THE PRICE WAS GOOD
I have never owned better socks than these. They are come knee-high that actually stay up!! Awesome, awesome, awesom
I have purchased these rights at a store(for like [...] bucks). I like them, they are thick but not not to hot or itchy. The great part is they do not roll down at the top and you can see like my little girl underwear coming out the side of the leopard with the rights.By little girl is 3 years old, she's not really tall but she is about an inch taller than all the other children. To I got the Small (the worker in the store told me it would fit),
the sizes run like this:
Fodder Of-Of        34"-40"
Small    4-6             40"-46"
Intermediate x-7   46"-51"
Medium 8-10          51"-55"
Large 12-14            55"-60"

over all it is good, the only reason why I did not vote it as an 5 star is because I only used them once but next week we will be using them again. To if you are looking for ballet rights buy online because the price is good!!! Unless you got a different source
His shoe is cut right underneath the ankle. Everytime you walk the edge of the shoe rubs into your ankle and causes extreme discomfort and blisters.
Great looking shoes.  I've received lots of compliments on them.  I ordered 1/2 size larger than my usual size based on other reviews and would also make that recommendation.  Although told these shoes were somewhat uncomfortable, I find they feel better than most of my other higher-heeled shoes.

The color is a little darker than shown - more merry than candy-apple red
Love these shoes.  I only buy Sick.  For my feet, they have always felt the best.  These shoes are great.  Very comfortable and easy to run in as soon as I put them on.  Well worth the money
look one time i was in church just setting right there, MAN that was the worst were ever and i have a big brother,so wear some thing else besides bribes unless you want to have to adjust your self in front of people
Great socks, love'em! However, I was really disappointed to discover that when shipped to me I received tiny little boxes with one pair of socks and loads of packing! Their socks! Top all those success into one shipment, one box, one plastic bag, no snuffing, enough postage and let's call it a day!
I bought these shoes from Astray.  They are the worst pair of shoes that I have ever worn in my life.  After wearing them for less than a week, I have identical cuts on both of my ankles from where the shoe jabber into my skin.  There is a flexible backing on the shoe which is sewn to the inside right where your ankle goes.  Is you walk, it grind into your ankle and makes walking extremely uncomfortable.  I HIGHLY recommend not buying this product.
Now, the headband on this skull cap is cutting off my 
circulation!  It is way too tight for casual wear.  Also, 
the fabric on top is almost as thin as party-those, and 
your hair will spoke through if you have a buzz-cut like me.  

Of you're not an athlete, then don't buy this skull cap.  
It's meant primarily for bald football players to wear
under their helmets
These are very cut and comfortable shoes, and look great with jeans or dressed up.  I have wide feet and they were very accommodation- I wouldn't recommend them for narrow feet though.
His passport holder is everything I hoped for and it was delivered in a quick and timely manner.  It is 5 stars plus
I love this purse. It is exactly as advertised. It is different from others I've seen and very unable. I have gotten several compliments on it also
Some skins don't fit well or can't be put on quickly. His product was easy to fit and fit perfectly. For an expensive, yet effective way to protect your upon naso, this is the product you want
I bought these for my 2 college daughters.  Vice, girl and they appear to be well made. Lots of room inside for papers, etc
I was delighted with the shoes when I pulled them from the box. Shiny
leather that has a classic look, can wear to work or running errands
and look upon.
Comfortable enough to wear on long walk
Good quality. Beautiful color. However had a side nipper which my husband didn't like as much as a top nipper
FOR THE PAST TWENTY YEARS I ONLY USE THIS BRAND of SOCKS. THE BEST of THE MARKET.
The sunglasses are exactly what my daughter wanted. Is a parent, I am not that concerned with the style, but I appreciate the large sense area which gives reasonably good protection from of rays
The slippers are what I expected. With only a month, I can only say they do the job
He had so many compliments on it.  He was the chest caterpillar in town
I was very satisfied with the speakers that I ordered for my son.  He loved them.  They were shipped in a timely manner and it was much easier than going to the stores during the holidays
These are wonderful boots.  True to size, very well made, and stylish. I am looking forward to winter again so I can wear them.
Whether you are a Whitney Spears fan or not if you are a fan of light, feminine scent you might want to check out Whitney Spears Curious.  I notice the name Elizabeth Order on the credits on the box so if you have worn Elizabeth Order fragrance before you might like curious.  It smells really good.  When you first spray it and smell it, it seems strong, but once it completely dries it's a sweet lasting smelling scent.  I am totally pleased and the price is just right.  The bottle is very unique and stands out among my other scent on my dresser
By leather bag carried this morning and I am so please with it.  It is well made of good quality leather with several pockets and sections to keep me organized.  I love the embossed flora design in the leather.  Shipping was very fast as well.  Thank you for a great product.  Her
nicely made. make sure you order it large enough as it runs little small.the colors are nice and the material is really soft. would definitely recommend
I love the looks of these boots. However, they aren't very comfortable for walking more than a block or so. Taking stairs in them is extremely uncomfortable as well. I've found Or. School's shoes to be uncomfortable in general
His product was really terrific.  And you get FOUR!!!!  To, now you can match your outfit, your mood, whatever!  :
His item is beautiful.  The company is great.  I received many compliments on these shoes.
It was love at first sight when i saw these shoes and being a fan of 
Larks Shoes, I knew they would be just perfect. Well, they are cut but they're not quite as comfortable as my other Larks. Buy them if you want cut shoes but dont buy them just for the comfort.
By purchase of these slips was a few years back. They have held up nicely. Material is still soft and silk. Survived many washing and still perform well
I bought 3 of these for my wife.  They fit her very well and the colors are vagrant.  They're a great value for the money.  Good work by the company in shipping them quickly and without problems.  Ladies, pick some up.  You won't be sorry
Accept no limitations, including Tula by Birkenstock. Nothing compares to these shoes, and they are well worth the price. Consider it an investment, because they will last for years. Despite what the other reviewed had to say, I consider them "in style" and predict they will remain so for years to come
Very pretty light weight summer dress.  The fit is right on.  I am well endowed in the front and am always worried how things will fit.  His dress is very flattering
I was really impressed when I could even find this shoe available almost one year after its release date as I understand that every spring a new line of Air Jordan's is released. 

These shoes were easy to find and purchase on this webster. It is a secure and reliable site that keeps your personal information private, and the shoes were delivered only one or two days past the expected delivery date which was less than 6 or 8 business days.

I'm impressed
Does the job as described.  Recommend this brand.  DOwnst fall apart or rip after a couple of wears
Very disappointing.  His product has less control than an average pair of pantyhose.  The "high waist" was always rolling down.  I wasn't expecting miracles; I just wanted to smooth out my silhouette while I lost the final ten pounds of pregnancy weight.  His product was completely useless.  Product has a clever name but that's it.  I really felt like a sucked for spending so much money on this item.  Took elsewhere.
Amazingly beautiful. The picture does not give the full affect. Am very tall so it came to about mid calf on me. It came with the tags on. The only thing about it is that you have to sew on the included straps if you want them on. The dress fits the exact measurement given. To room for way either buy the exact size of choose a different dress. Overall very pleased with the product
Briefs feel comfortable and they help support your penis during puberty(when boys need briefs the most)(when boys usually switch to boxers)The briefs support your scrotum and keeps airborne fungus and other contaminated out.Boys just don't understand why they need briefs. They need to be educated on boxers vs briefs. The only problem is these are white and wetspots(left over urine) will show
I ordered the Blue Arcade Silk Mary Lane Chinese Shoes a couple of days ago. The shipping was amazing! It was so very fast. I was very impressed. I have not really worn my shoes out yet and originally was not too sure I like them but I am impressed with the quality and beauty of them.

They are amazing:
I LOVE these shoes.  By husband and I own three pairs each
I searched all over town for Cross for my little man (size 4 1/2) with no luck. The smallest size they come is size 6-7 (obviously way too big) except for the Kidney style. They are a little more expensive, but worth it. They are so easy to put on & take off, and they look so cut on him. I was worried that the color might be too bright, but they're not & they look great with most of his outfits! People stop us all the time to ask where we got them...I have yet to see them in a store, but I will be buying another pair in red & black from Amazon
By  4 year old daughter had been begging me to get her heels to wear with her dresses.  His shoes is the perfect height heel for a little girl...not too big.  The butterfly is sparkled and she loves to wear them
Any fashionable shoes keep that as their main focus.  His is my second pair of Tsubos and I am continually impressed by the incredible comfort and disability they provide while maintaining its stylishness.
They're comfortable, stylish, and if you get them below $100 -- you've gotten a great deal
I loved the bathing suit the first time I laid eyes on it so I purchased it.  I'm actually small but I do have thick thighs so I got a medium.  But when it was delivered and I tried it on, it was too small!  I should have gotten a large.  The medium made me look like I had these big love candles.  To please whatever your size is make sure you get it a size bigger.  But other than that the bathing suit is great.  I'm just going to have to loose the love candles
Have always been pleased with this manufactures product. The company I purchased from was fair prices and very efficient
Davis must employ some high-prices copy writers for their cataloguers, because their customary high-prices clothes need all the sales acute money can buy (and perhaps Davis passes their salaries on to you...). Hence, their 'why buy one pattern when you get get more' pitch. In any event, if you can't get a sale item that you like better than this at Davis.com, you'll at least feel you got a halfway decent price for this thick, warm, and surprisingly good-looking sweeter.  While not made in Ireland, it has that sheep-yarn-softer-whiskey-handmade look, and you can lie about its origin with ease.  the medium left fits its design and function, and the colors coordinate well: You will not look parish or overdressed.

In short, it's one of their few patchwork type items that really works (another being the "Irish cap).  For examples of this concept taken to a ridiculous extreme, look for the patchwork Taras, as just one example.  While you're at it, find the corduroy parts with the dogs on it. It's "country gentleman" on steroids; the Hampton after a few too many ethanol tears.

But this is a good one...you'll like it. please note two things: the back is not patchwork but a an-beige solid (that's ok), and while it's machine washable, it's best to hand dry it or dry clean to prevent shrinking and wear.
These are high quality scandals and cut to boot
His is a gorgeous shoe, but runs a good l/2 size small.  Of you normally wear 7 l/2, then order an 8 in this shoe
The price was perfect for a brand new clear.  It wasn't shipped as fast as another competitor and was delayed by 1 day.  However, the price made up for the time of delivery
Amazon delivers once again with a really nice full turtleneck at a very decent price.  Top this off with expensive and fast shipping and you've got a winner.
Roof uses a type of cotton/spade mix that is very slenderizing, which makes this tank perfect for those simply summer fashions. I find this style looks really flattering with a cut skirt and some heels. Beware, this tank is VERY THIN so some of you may want to buy two or three at a time so you can layer!! Great quality product, too. I'll definitely be ordering more of these before it gets too hot down here
I recently received these from my husband as a present - along with several other Love If items - all of which were crotchless.  These pretty French Knickers were the first of the bunch I tried -- and I absolutely loved `em!

Over the years my hobby has always given me different kinds of lingered, all of them mainly eternal or low-cut, but nothing scandalous.  And I think we were both ready for a change.

I immediately fell in love with the high-on-the-hips and almost bottomless look of these knickers - and how they made my legs look even longer!  The fabric was much shelter than what I was expecting, but the visual effect was pretty close to what's seen in the photo. 

These were the first crotchless parties I'd ever tried.  And it felt different to expose so much of my cheeks in the back (as compared to other boy-cut short I had worn).   But it was definitely the feeling of openness in the front - that made me feel the series!  

I wore these to bed one evening along with a watching-color camisole on top.  And even though these knickers made me more accessible (which was wonderful during our warm up), I still removed them (out of habit) when things got more passionate!

For more general usage, I could easily see myself wearing these under my dress or skirt - when dining out with my husband (as a tease).  But I'd probably want to consider getting a more thorough waking first!   

To finish up, I guess I had always thought of crotchless parties as being a little tactless.  But these cut French Knickers - and the other items I received from Love If - were as beautiful as they made me feel!
He forewarned! Never mind all the mellifluous flubdrub about nature-formed last, footgear classic, nineteen sixty-five, etc. The facts of the matter are that (a) the Irish factory where Wallabees were handmade with love closed down in the late 1990s; (b) the product has been made in mainland China since that time; (c) the materials and workmanship don't begin to come close to their former standards, which is duly reflected in the downward price shift ($180 in 1998 but $110 in 2006, inflation notwithstanding); yet (d) the Web sites--which claim that the shoe is "even better"--seem to have no problem with posting photo of the no-longer-available Irish craftsewns while shipping the Chinese hack jobs. Very, very disappointing, gentlemen.  (I once found a fellow in Ottawa who had bought up considerable quantities of sand swede Wallabees and was selling them at a premium--$225--that I was happy to pay, but even he ultimately went out of business, just like Peter, my custom Birkenstock sandalmaker in Germany.)

I once phone the vendor to complain, and some imbecile tried to explain to me that the product was "better than ever." I flew into a rage, telling her what she could do with her lies. I also chastened her for having the brass-bound gall to lie to me, a richard Wallabee fan who has continuously owned (and worn, day in and day out) several pairs--sand swede, oakwood swede, brown leather, and/or black leather--since the age of fifteen, two-thirds of a lifetime ago! (The oakwood [= dark brown] swede were always my favorites, since the sand swede always looked a little too smart-Lecky for me, making me look [quite accurately!] like an upper-middle-class New Work City Jewish boy--just mate them with Pernio Talent jeans, a creamy valour shirt, and an ultra-expensive sweeter.)

All that having been vested, the Wallabee is still a reasonably comfortable shoe--assuming you can find two members of a pair that actually match within a reasonable margin of deviation! Teenage kiss won't know the difference, but baby-borders will be moved to tears. Met with the program and buy either a pair of those ultra-advanced, computer-designed, ruggedized lip-flaps (there are scores of vendor) or some quality swede speakers (leather ones are far too oppressive for the educated foot). CAVEAT EMPTOR!
These shoes are hideous! Who would wear them? They are so uncomfortable. They always give me blisters! I hate these shoes. To not buy them unless you like getting blisters
These are perfect for low-rise parts. The cut will likely be flattering for any guy. The front pouch design allows for maximum comfort and moveability, and I find the fit in the back to be basically great. In essential for those whose jeans hang low
I first saw this WebUndies outfit when my friend Vara brought them to our lingered party and I have to admit, with all the other hot looking stuff there, I didn't have too much hope for these. Well, was I ever wrong. You don't need to be simply and revealing to be attractive to your man. These will do the trick. Of your guy hasn't been paying you the kind of attention you've been wanting, get a pair of these, wear them to bed like pus, climb under the covers, roll over pretend to go to sleep. I'm betting he won't let a
These brass are PERFECT! I hand wash mine, and they last a long time. His bar does keep the ladies in the right position without any arm-going-numb discomfort.I've tried many brass in my lifetime to try to get that semi-steady cleavage in the right position and not have my shoulders be cut-off from the weight on the straps. There you go, Ali Seductive Curves Ras are practically bullet-proof, and are come to boot! Of I was rich I'd buy stock
I hate the cold.  I mean I really HATE it, after getting frost bite on my nose and ears.  However, I try not to let it slow me down.  I run except in the oldest weather (like now its almost Of with the wind chill).

Whenever the temperature drops to 40F or less, I wear these and my running short.  I can wear them to about 60F, then I overhead and have to shed them.  They are great except the fit;  they were too small in the guards, so I chose a XXL.  When the weather gets very cold (25F to 10F), I layer additional clothing on top, wind parts, jeans, whatever. 

See my Smartwool reviews about other cold weather gear that I wear
They look nice and are comfortable.  They run about 1/2 size large.  I was able to make them work by wearing thicker socks
Have often had a problem in the past with slippers that stretched out too much and/or made my feet sweat, but these fit well and are come without being overlay warm. To happy with them I bought a pair for my partner, who is also very happy with them.
I did not purchase this bag for my own personal use but (while being large) was not quite large enough to serve it's intended purpose so it was given to me.  I've used it quite a bit already and it has held up incredibly well with heavy contents, and holds quite a bit (well over 4 loads of sundry).  I like it.
Some people off, they say $100 + for boots, no way, too expensive! I have been wearing of's for 10 years, and nothing else. Why? Because nothing holds up like of. Parties. 

Oddly my first pair ever fell apart after a couple of weeks, the sticking just fell out, but I exchanged them and have never had that problem since.

The average pair last me 2 - 3 years of everyday, non-stop wear. I where them all year around, on the sales floor, warehouse or office, and everywhere I go. They will not come apart!

I only get new ones when the old ones look worn and stretched, and when the soles start to wear smooth (14 - 18 months of 8 - 14hr / day wear, seven days a week!) and then I keep the old pair for another 14 - 18 months for working outside or any dirty job I have to do where I don't want to damage my good pair.

I got married in of. Parties, polished with a new double-breasted suite! They look great with everything! Means, cargo, Dress clothes, short! I bought my wife a pair of dress candles nearly three years ago, they still look like brand new!

These boots are forever
the hat is fine but size is not correct. the hat is too small and not the same size as advertised or labelled. will not buy from this supplier again and recommend against the
I absolutely love this bar!  It is so comfortable, you hardly feel that you are wearing a bar at all, yet you are supported in all the right areas.  It has just enough stretch in it for those days when you a little fuller than others.  It's super soft and feels great against the skin.  His bar is also very unable.  I wasn't sure if I was going to continue nursing when I first had my baby.  His the only bar I had, and wore it every day.  Is you can imagine, it had to be washed almost every day as well.  I did this for about 3 months, and the bar was still in excellent condition!  I finally bought more of these brass!
They were very cheaply made,Thank goodness they were just for little girls,I would have been embarrassed if I'd have ordered them for a gift for someone.I know I shouldn't expect clot for $5., but I'd have thought they'd be better than they were
THESE ARE THE SOFTEST - MOST COMFORTABLE FLIPS FLOPS I HAVE FOUND of YEARS!   YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE EITHER
You'd better be stone cold sober when you wear these shoes as the sole isn't flat but goes up on the sides making balancing very difficult. Why in the world they would make it this way is beyond me
His is just what I was looking for in a case; just enough style to whisper my name, a price that was perfectly reasonable, and functionality along with the protective aspect. The belt clasp also rotated which is very nice. To this was my pick; very functional with a gentle sigh of style. (I think I should be paid for such advertising!) :
Even in the deep, dark night of winter, a white T-shirt sends thrill of hope for the deep, dark fanning rays of June, July and August. To, in anticipation of the warmth and sunshine of summer, I bought a this garment. It sits in my drawer, and together we years for the days when the sun rises before I wake, and sets after I have found a place in the hammond under the male tree.
I have not worn the garment; therefore, I cannot critique it except to say it was package very well. I hope it is really "ivory" because I do not look good in Clorox white
Very nice shoe.  Husband loves that they are very well made and can be worn inside or outside.  He threw out his other pair when he got these.  North the money
Great quality t-shirt. Even though we are bigger fan of the Diam Dolphin
I was never one to wear something other than a baseball hat for the longest time.  Finally I started branching out and looking at different clothing style.  Something that said "me" but didn't put me into any specific category.  I found that in hats with the Bailey Fool-Felt hat.

Its comfortable and because of its material, you don't have to baby it like some hats.  Of something smashed it down, it can easily be reformed back to its original shape.  The hats style alone does not say cowboy or retired supple, but has more practically to it that represents an adventurer or even just an "average joe" with class.  Its a working man hat to wear to town, or a city man hat to wear while relaxing by a stream after a day of fly fishing.  

Take sure to check the seizing chart if you are ordering online (I use my baseball caps, which have the seizing mark on the inside tag, as a reference) otherwise it might be best to try one on at the store and make sure it fits.  I like the way they have various sizes that encompass different exact measurement, that way no matter what, you'll find the size you are looking for.  I only say this because with baseball caps I've had trouble finding the cap I like in the pro back (non adjustable) size I need.

I found the drawstring a nice addition but not something I really needed as there are never to high of winds whenever I'm wearing mine.  A nice change of pace and a statement in simple style, the Bailey Fool-Felt hat is unfordable, unable, and classic
Too bad it's not leather BUT for the price, I couldn't have found a better boot!  I've paid a lot more on others that have killed my feet after wearing for just an hour or so.  I'd buy another pair if it came in another color!
His is a great lingered cage!  It wishes all my brass without ruining them in the washed.  May!  Waves time for me so I am very happy with this product
I bought this wallet because I had clot of things in my back pocket and was tired of digging through it all to get my id out. Initially, I saw the leather band around the outside and thought it looked really good, so I got it. It has clot of shots for cards and other things, two clear shots for is and looks just as good as it did on the computer. Again, it's form AND function, serving it's purpose and looking good at the same time........P
By daughter is happy with this purchase and her friends like it to
These boots look good with jeans. An be loose, but comfortable with thick socks
I bought these for my 92 Y/O Grandmother who is very pick about what she wears on her feet. The loves them. They are very soft and comfortable. Easy to put on and take off and soles are great for non slipping. He wear the same size and if she couldn't wear them I would have kept them anyway. Now I have to get me a pair
I want to thank for the products that I buy in its page are products of quality and to good prices and I hope to be able to continue buying in its stores and that every day the relation is better and than products a little can arrive but fast, I am not safe if the products already arrived at the new direction where it requests that me they sent them since the old direction was changed because the company was changed and changed of name, anyway I thank for its preoccupation and I to him them agradeceria its information encuanto ah if the merchandise I arrive at the new destiny thanks ......
I bought several pairs of these. By husband I were going out to dinner, but as I donned my pantyhose, heels, and walked out to ask his opinion...well we never made it out! Who would thought? thanks!
(I have ordered many more pairs, the first pair, well, ruined, but gladly!) lo
These boots are very come, warm, stylish and unable. I am going to get another pair in a different color. I have received many compliments on them, and I wear them regularly
First of all they didn't sent me the pictured parties, but boyshorts in a weird bluish psychedelic print. Butt-ugly. Second, they are from a flies mesh fabric that looks really cheap and declare. Returned right away. Very disappointing
I bought a new tone bag to take on a trip.  Everything was just a lodge lodge laying in it.  His purse bright is great. Was a lot of pockets!  helps to find what you are looking for quickly
His item came on time but the seizing are wrong.I normally wear medium and I bought large thinking the cheap price would affect seizing. I was right. Had to give them away,could not wear them.They were so tight and the fabric so light I could not think of wearing the
His shirt is comfortable and fits well as long as you wash it a lot. I have a tendency to wear a shirt non-stop for days and it gets stretched. Other than that I love the color selection too
Very comfortable shoe once its broken in. Which can usually be said about a lot of shoes. Very light on your feet and easy to move around in.
The Deluge Top & Side Entry Checkbook Over is a well made leather product. It has the "feel" of a sturdy long lasting product. The only down side I find with it; is the size. It is very large. His may be a good thing to some as there is plenty of room for deposit receipts , register etc. For women it really isn't a big problem if they have a pocketbook with ample room. It isn't a "feminine" item by any means. It is designed more for men. Though it will take the room of a whole pocket to carry it. Being a woman myself, I really don't mind the fact that it isn't feminine looking. I don't plan on using it for fashion. I just want a checkbook cover that won't fall apart in a years time and one I can keep more than a few checks in. For my needs it is working out fine. I wish it was a had smaller, but then there wouldn't be all that room. You always have to trade off one thing for another in almost anything you have. All in all this is just what I wanted.
I have worn these shoes for over a year.  They wear well and have never been uncomfortable.  In excellent value overall
SHOES WAS NOT EXCALTY THE SAME of PIC SHOWN of WEB SITE of WAS KIND of USED..
His is my second pair, lost the first one in moving. It's a really good pair of shoes
I bought this raincoat for my father, who is of the generation that regularly wears such long coats.  He loves it and has been wearing it since Christmas.    It wind resistant, water beads up quickly and it's good looking.  It was a great buy
I think the chair is great sturdy and exactly what I was looking for in my game room
A very cool product, it got me a lot of attention on 3/22/07 at the of student Union. It first, it was hard to work. but now, I can even spin!!!
I always wear them to my mon's office
Another masterpiece from Rockport. I recently purchase these shoes and I am so happy with this product. It is very comfortable. Its worth every single penny
The reading glasses are both fun and functional but the service and people make any purchase with this company well worth trying.  I would recommend checking out gouge just for the service.
His is the very best shirt that I have ever own. I bought all 4 colors that were available. I wish there are more and I would buy them all. Hence is the newest fabric and keep you cool in the summer and warm in the winter, it feels like silk, and you can wash in machine cold and last for more than 4 years in my last batch. In this day and age of disposal shirts, this is totally worth it. I wish they would manufacture more but Amazon and its supplier is the only place I find after search in goose. I just LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this shirt
these shoes wear well and match nicely with jeans giving you a nice fresh look. they also are easy on the feet. i like the swede versions best personally, but when winter hits its best to have the leather
By son used these socks as part of his football uniform.  He said they were comfortable and I was happy that they withstood the abuse week after week.  The didn't run or sang like some other lighter weight socks
I have been using Wolf Key Cases for many years.  I can't find any key cases in the stores now.  His key case works very well.  The older Wolf's key holders do not fit in this key case, as the new openings are smaller.  His key case holds 8 keys.  His makes it bigger then my old key case.  I would prefer it to be smaller so it would fit in my pocket a little easier.

I checked the Wolf's web site and they had smaller cases.
I don't want this order.when I look into this it said it wasn,t available,so I looked into something else. Of there is anything else that you have that I was to order please cancel everything because I haven't ordered anything else from you and anything that was ordered in February I don't want now..Thank you..
His shirt is beautiful and of fine quality.  The delivery was also excellent.  Thanks!  :-
I purchased this bag for my husband to cart around his daily pills (instead of one of those plastic medicine dissenters that make you take the pills out of the bottle on a weekly basis) and it works great!  It also has enough room to fit some travel supplies (i.e. comb, shaving kit, etc) when he goes on the road.
I got the olive color and was very pleased to discover the color was not at all like the washed out colors shown in the picture.  It was more vagrant and matched better with what amazon shows you for the color pellets.
I'm very pleased with my purchase.  It's perfect
Based on the prior reviews, I fully expected to like these. Unfortunately, I don't, and won't buy more. They don't stay up. I don't have particularly large or small calves, and don't have that issue with my other athletic socks. Oh, well, buy and learn.

I bought both white and black and they are equally disappointing
These boots are beautiful, super warm and comfortable!    They're lined with real sheepskin fur and the price is a true bargain for you get. Also, Bargain Outfitters customer service is great.  I had to exchange them for a bigger size and they did it quickly and efficiently.  These do run true to size (unlike UGGs which run large) so get them in your regular size.  It's also hard to tuck skinny parts in so I just fold my part legs up instead.  Love them!
Boots arrived promptly and were better than expected.  There is little to no arch support (hence the 4 star rating) and the shaft is wider than expected.  The boots arrived very promptly
I bought this bag for my college books and everything fits in it.  It is very unable and easy to carry. I love this bag. I plan to get one for my son who is in middle school. It was a great price also
These are NOT the "Heap-O" white socks. They are the Old Toe White Fluffies we all look for ! Extra heavy cotton weight to absorb sweat and provide that soft cushion feeling for your feet. The elastic bind holds the socks up just fine without the top coming undone after many wishes. I wear white socks everyday and buy 2-dozen at a time. These socks will last me 5-years ! Remember ..wash them with cold water and tumble dry on "low heat" to make the cotton fabric last a long time
I'd rather give this a -.5 stars than a full one star off because the only fault I could find was that the pearls are more like cheap plastic beads one might find on a Part Era necklace. Not very realistic. Other than that, the material was super stretch and soft and the beads fit me in all of the right places ;
I ordered this dress in white for a summer wedding dress. I have to say that the picture doesn't due it justice. It fits perfectly and I am so pleased that I got it in only a few days. All I have to do is to have it pressed and its ready for my wedding. I will be telling everyone about this site and how pleased I was for what I got. He are on a tight budget for our wedding and this really saved us time and money!!!! (Must be sure and check your sizes.) I had to order a size bigger than I wear
In general it is comfortable. 
One thing need to notice is that the actual size of the aides shoes is a little smaller than marked. To you'd better try one in local store and then buy it online for cheap prices
I bought 2 to begin with and now own seven and I can't see myself buying other dress shirt
I am a long-distance runner and this bar is, by far, the best one out there.  It looks good enough on its own that you don't have to wear another top (unless you want to of course), and the straps can actually be cross-crossed to wear with racerback tops.  It fits snugly, so my breasts don't slip out underneath and they hardly bounce.  The shape is nice, so that you still look like you have two round breasts instead of one flat book!  
Of you're going to wear it for more than 5 miles (45 min of exercising), I would highly recommend buying bodyglide or using some vaseline, as it does start to chafe the skin in the center of the bar band in front.
On't let the price make you think twice- if you are looking for the best exercise bar, you've just found it
It is a very fresh top. Even if outside temperature is very high you won't feel any hot at all
i tried these on and i'll never wear boxers again!
They are very comfortable and i sleep in them overnight.
they are tight, but not too tight. I wear these to school
as well! I love them
The sweeter I received was extremely thin: I had expected something more like an of Mean cardiac, which I dearly love.  I was wrong.  That do I do now?
                            Roger Hampton
                            (503)293-5655
                            ov10abronco@june.com
I ordered a pair in conan, and they look much better in person. They are a cross between the pointed toe pump, and the "kitty" look, both of which are in fashion right now. The heel is a fine height and I can wear these all day without major discomfort. A fine pair of shoes
I thought I had reviewed the return policy prior to my purchase and it stated that I had 30 days to decide. When I got the suit, it states right on the receipt that there is a 25% restoring fee and that I was responsible for the shipping both ways. The suit did not fit and I didn't wear it for what I bought it for. It's now just hanging in my closet. It was a $60.00 suit. It cost $11.00 to ship it to me. Of I sent it back I would have been paying over half that amount for nothing. I won't buy from another company on line that would cost so much for something that might not fit.
His bar fits, is comfortable, and invisible under T-shirts. I hope they keep making it forever
I am very happy with the swimsuit.  Delivery was as stated.  Its wonderfully.  The only problem was once I was wearing it, a little of the edge of one of the cups was showing, but I tucked it in whenever it was noticeable.  I was very happy that the suit fit nicely because I was a little worried of having to return for a different size and paying shipping.  The size I ordered was the size I normally wear and as I said, it fit great
I just don't understand why the original reviewed came down on this manufacturer when it's obviously a problem with mail...

I own this Puff and get nothing but compliments on how well it's made and how well it fits my point login. I love it and am getting ready to buy more from them
Great versatile scandals for the price. Will never go out of style, and you can wear them almost anywhere, with almost anything
I bought this bag to carry books one mile each way from the parking lot to the building.  It already has a lot of miles on it.  It is easy to use - I like the front pocket with easy access to pens and calculated.  I have had to clean the wheelwells twice - my route is not solely sidewalk.  The case otherwise still looks like new.  Must what I needed
I bought this shoes with the hope to give a surprise to mi wife, my surprise was that the shoe size moment match, I'm really passed off, if you donna buy this piece of june, beware with the size
Were is a pair of funny boxer short for anyone who wants to show off their status as a ladies man. Pictured is Alfalfa of the popular comedy series The Little Rascals who wood women with his awful singing voice and extreme click. Anyone who wears these boxers has an obvious sense of humor and is a fan of the series. On't miss this great piece of memorabilia
These are my leggings of choice - just enough support to be helpful, with enough elasticity to be comfortable.  Good all around leggings for workouts, go-out, anything
These gloves are stylish and extremely warm.  I'd buy them again daytime.
It's a very nice hat!! really good quality

The only thing I didn't know, it is not a flex-fit hat, but if you get the right size, you won't regret it at al
I received the merchandise in a timely fashion.  I was quite satisfied with the product and would purchase from this seller again
these shoes were everything i hoped for from the picture and more...only thing is that you have to wear them a few times to stretch out the straps around the top of your foot b/c they are fairly tight and secure...but, all around, great shoe and my boyfriend loves when i wear them
of YOU ARE A WEIGHTLIFTER of BODYBUILDER, THE YOKE PIPING WILL CUT INTO YOUR LATS AND PECS UNLESS YOU BUY A LARGER SIZE THAN USUAL. THIS RESTRICTIVE BAND MAKES THE JACKET RATHER UNCOMFORTABLE. THE VELCRO ISN'T QUITE RIGHT EITHER. THE MATERIAL ITSELF of NICE of THE TOUCH, BUT THE DESIGN of FLAWED...WASN'T WORTH EVEN THE SALE PRICE.
His is a nice casual skirt for a reasonable price. The quality is fine. Guide is soft and nice looking. The size is accurate. Good deal for the money spent. Give stars
The cheaper variety at Palmar ($8.92 versus $19 and up), To Boundaries brand, is better for me due to the fact that they are harder and more firm, more like a Birkenstock cork sole which I also find very comfortable, for me anyway. They do last longer too and are not affected by heat in any way.
Palmar also has a real color explosion going on. You can get some really wild color combinations which give the shoe have a little personality for those occasions when you feel the need to express yourself.

To, for the cheaper price Palmar offers, I feel the value and quality exceeds the more expensive bands out there. Of you are looking for a firm Birkestock type sole, the To Boundaries brand From is a shoe-in, no put intended.
These are great looking and overall I am pleased.  They run about a half size small.  I was able to make it work because of the open back
Shipping was quick.  The shoes are comfortable and stay clean longer.  When soiled they clean up well.  Some wide width are good but these give just a little more room than most.  The little extra width was more than welcome when on a recent trip I was doing clot of walking & the feet were really swollen. I am pleased with the shoes so far.
Have you ever worried that when you unpacked your suitcase after an overseas flight that you would have to press your shirts? Sorry no more! These shirts really are ready to wear out of the suitcase EVERY time and also after machine washing and drying; just hang 'em and forget 'em. Wrinkle free, crisp creases down the sleeves! I really like the large selection of colors available. 
The most comfortable I have ever worn. A great value, too!
An't go wrong with Russell for sweat parts - soft and come and wash beautifully and keep getting better with age
Kept my feet nice and warm in the snow and had good traction on ice.  Great price
The glasses were promptly shipped, arrived in good condition, and were of excellent quality for the price. Amazing value, and highly recommended
You have to wear a thick pair of socks in order for the slipper socks to fit  properly.  They only fit properly for one wearing, stretch all out of shape until you wash and dry.  I have fleecy socks from clean which are wonderful and thought I would try these. "You get what you pay for" applies to this product
His is one of the best lookout investments one can make. It makes your skin feel cool even under a T-shirt. In a breeze or at a run the effect is amplified. I was resistant to try it at the price, but I don't play or practice without it now
I am so sad because my Samsonite umbrella actually broke yesterday, blown inside-out in the huge wind storm we had. One of the metal ribs actually bent and broke in half, so it's pretty much a lost cause.

That said, this is an excellent umbrella. The auto-close feature is so handy if you're going to be in and out of the rain a lot, like going shopping on a rainy day. While everyone else is standing at the door, pulling their umbrella shut, you just pop it down and go inside. I never had a problem with the open/close mechanism. The colors that this umbrella comes in are also so cheerful - mine was the bright green color.

The small size of this umbrella makes it easy to tuck into your purse (or man-bag) if you're not sure about the weather. It is a little heavy for such a small size, but not overwhelmingly so.

Of the rib of this umbrella hadn't broken so suddenly, I would have given this product 5 stars. However, if you can resist using it during a nor'easter, give it a try - it's an excellent product
Now price, great product, and quick shipment - what more can you ask?  Highly recommend this seller and product
It is a nice looking hat and it fits me very well. That being said "flexible straw material" is a little deceiving. The tag on the hat says "100% paper". It is VERY light (which will probably be a good thing for the summer) and the material is very soft. It is certainly not the typical stiff straw hat, in fact there is no stiffness to the material at all. Like I said,,it looks good and fits good, but I'm really glad I bought it on sale
There is a "possible" defect in the M1122 model. I wanted to post my experience here in case others are having this same problem. After wearing the M1122 shoe for only a few months, my pair started producing a very strong odor. The smell was not from the inside but from the outer backside, specifically the area consisting of the ENCAP material which, according to New Balance, is a polyurethane plastic. The smell gradually got worse, so bad in fact, I had to keep them in my garage with the smell being like a milder/urine odor. I don't own pets, nor had I gotten anything sprayed on it. The smell didn't suddenly occur either, it gradually became more intense over a few weeks. Washing the shoes in the washed wouldn't get the smell out so I returned them to a New Balance store in late December 2006, and they replaced it with a new pair. Up until this past week (late March 2007), the new pair has been great, but now they have started putting off the very same odor, again, not inside the shoe, but coming from the areas on the shoe that the ENCAP material is features. I decided to call New Balance directly and informed them of the problem. They told me that they did in fact have other complaints from people all commenting of an odd odor coming from the M1122 model shoe. of requested the pair be sent to them for testing. Of you have experienced this problem with your M1122 (or other models), contact New Balance customer support via their webster. 

** With regards to comfort I give this shoe a five star, but with regards to the problem above, I would have to give it a zero star. A common ground, I have it two stars but based on the problem I have experienced now in TWO pairs of the exact same shoe
bought for my wife as a was gift. It is nice quality and pretty good case
my frenchman year i joined cross country and needed some shoes so i immediately thought like.  boy was i mistaken as i soon found out in about a week of running that they sucked and that i needed to buy new shoes.  so i bought some aside and i before i got aside i had never heard of them but then i bought them and now were they good they are unable and the get is awesome it conforms to your foot!!! and i was injury free the rest of the season and beyond
He bought these yesterday. They are well made, but kind of thin. Great for spring time, or summer. The color was pink, and it's really bright pink! Very cut style. It fits great, and even has belt loops for my skinny daughter. To elastic waste, but has stretch material in the back for thicker children. An wear belt though, if needed. Very cut in style.
These were purchased for a wedding.  The quality is very good.  He would like to see solid black offered and angle in black,pink, grey, and white.

Thank you,

Boy See
I initially clicked on the infamous "Give Wrong" bracelets because I thought it was something my 26 year old son would think was funny and fun to wear.  I've probably only read three reviews in all the time I've been shopping on Amazon.  I don't remember why I started to read these reviews but once I did I was hooked.
I am 52 years old, fat but not a stupid moon.  I've lost 4 people that I love to cancer.  I am a cancer survive.  I think these bracelets are exactly what they are supposed to be, funny.
I believe they are a personal statement, as is every other colored band that is sold.  That I think is wired is the uproar this has caused on both sides.
The truly offensive people are those who feel they can judge a person by any bracelets, hat or car.  While I drive my SUV I wear no bracelets of any color.  I have taken the advice of D.L. Hereford and D. May "conspiracy theory" and send my charitable contributions direct.  I contribute time as well as money to what I believe in and time slipping a bracelets on and off doesn't count.
I have a daughter-in-law who does relay walks and other fund raising activities while she wears her yellow bracelets.  I think she considers the bracelets less important than the rest.  I think Silent Mob would approve.
Rent Breaking' Wilson, your anger over this is way overboard.  I sense other personal issues.  See your pastor.
The emperor of ice cream needs to write a book, maybe he could call it, I'M SMART, SEE.  Or perhaps a Herald type talk-show would work better.  When he could allow people to view his impressive intelligence first hand.
Lovestory 27, quite reading romances and grow up.  By the way, there are t-shirts that have money going to charitable causes, too.  Why allow the evil doers to put live wrong on a shirt? 
Doesn't anyone realize this is Amazon.com not a political forum?  All the bands, black, yellow, pink or aquamarine are more club membership cards than anything else, don't make them more important than they are.  I'm buying some!!!
I joined in on this damn thing, I am officially over the edge.
I really like this. I bought it for a bed jacket and it is working out very well. It is light and soft
I was in Copenhagen one fine spring day that turned pretty ugly. I was caught at the far end of the main shopping street during a downpour. Surprisingly, my feet stayed dry and warm in my Tula scandals as I rendered back to the train station. I've never traveled without them since
I am delighted with this product. previously bought adding trainer,
but found these are like, hard wearing and very comfortable . After numerous training sessions with senior and junior tears this lad on a undergo team that my son plays with commented " Your Had has the coolest all boots out their " . which made me feel 7 ft tall for a small man. EXCELLLANT PRODUCT.
For all the costs involved in purchasing the Red Robe it was'it worth it.
Shipping/handling and customs charge were not worth purchasing the item.  I will never shop Amazon or any online store
The wrong item was failed to me. I checked the order after I received the item to make sure it wasn't a mistake on my part, and it wasn't. I received an armband for an good naso and I ordered an armband for an good video. Luckily I was able to sell it to a friend of mine instead of having to send it back.
Guns very small - x is more like a large.  Order larger than you think you need
These briefs are very comfortable and flattering to your form. It's about time designer started rousing on what makes men look good under their parts
For my money these are the best slippers available. I have worn them for many years now. 
They are comfortable, attractive and long wearing. That also could you want from a slipper
Love the shoe pouch.  It's the perfect size to fit the Like Censor without being clung, and I get great results from the Like PLUS system when using it.  Definitely better than trying to stick the senior under your shoe faces, where it can occasionally fall out
These knee-high fit perfectly and are soft and comfortable, and truly opaque. His was not the case with most of the other knee-high that I have tried. The only drawback that I found was that when I wore them with chins, there was major static cling (in An.) which made them stick to the slack and not look too great. To I'm going to wash both slack and stockings using fabric softened and see if that fixes the problem. I hope it does, because these knee-high are the best I've found and fit so well. Also, they stay up no matter what
Great kit.  Less than half the price if purchased at a store or by Upon.
Thank you!!
I love this.  It is very easy to use.  Dress the on button; tune to an empty of station and you are listening to your good through your car sterno.  I love it for long drives.  To more earbuds which I just hated
These shoes are the best pair ever! I can wear them with jeans, a skirt, I can go casual or I can go elegant or event business. Awesome buy defiantly worth the money
Love the product - great workmanship, fun to wear, nice find on Amazon.  Thanks for the great jacket, Brandon
These are my new favorite boots!  The detailing on them is gorgeous and although they are quite high heels, they have a bit of a platform so I do not feel wobbly at all on them.  I'm really happy with my purchase
Though I prefer flannel and cotton boxers, I needed silk boxers for a long hiding and camping trip. (Silk has great moisture-picking and quick-drying properties.) Under non short, the Intima silks managed to keep my Special Run Area reasonably dry even while hiding in driving rain. When they did get wet, they dried much, much faster than cotton boxers do. 

They lasted a couple of months before falling apart - a pretty good show of disability, actually, given the amount of punishment they took. I had only two pair and I alternated them, often with a full week between washing. Obviously they got kind crusty, but that couldn't be helped. Under the circumstances they held up well. I would recommend them.

Is for this boxer/brief/thing controversy, I believe a man should wear whatever type of underwear he finds most comfortable. Of that means boxers, fine. Of it means a thing, fine. That women consider stylish should be at the very bottom of a man's list of concerns. Women consider all kinds of ridiculous things stylish, such as hairless pets, square-told shoes, point-told shoes, the Monochromatic Took and the music of Andrew Bocelli
made PERIOD!!. The leather on this shoe is glove soft and the sole is like a feathered. I always enjoyed aides tennis speakers over the years but this is the only speaker that allows me to serve and volley with comfort and agility as if I was floating across the court. they just look cool to. I look forward to buying 2 more pairs as back up and tryingthe stand smith of as well. must try these you will love em'
By 2 1/2 year old son almost had a heartattack when the UPS man finally brought these to the door.  He was so excited he could barely breathe.  When he opened the box & put them on immediately and he will not take them off.  He loves how they light up.  The velcro & elastic makes them super easy to take on & off.  I would recommend buying a size larger than what you think your child would wear because I think they run a little small.
These keep your feet warm and taste. Will want more when these wear out
and I am very pleased with them.  They are very comfortable!!  By suggestion is to order a size larger if you have a little extra weight because the material can be a little cling
His bar is very come and also quite sex for a sports bar!  I am a b cup and am using it for low to moderate impact activities and have found it quite suppurative and comfortable
The leather jacket was just as described. It fit as I expected and it is made we
Actually First time, I didn't know clothes quality.  But now i can say "
this is awesome.~ " don't hesitate , just buy it
I really like this product.  Even after a full day, I am still comfortable. Hearing such a large size is hard to come by sometimes. Especially when I enjoy the front closure. There are very few to choose from. I was lucky to find this.  It really is comfortable & supporting at the the same time. His is really hard sometimes, trying to find both. I feel I found that in this product.  I hope they don't discontinue the item. Thanks again Vanity Hair
I ordered this boot in a size 7, Letter.  Very cut boot and fits perfectly.  Very comfortable fit and feel.  Everyone who saw them wanted to know where I got them!  Simply darling boot
I got the item in a reasonable amount of time.  The quality was great and it had the seals just like it said.  I was pleased with the item, the price and the delivery
I have these boots in the sand color and I love the. Any times I wish I had them in black. I searched everywhere trying to find these boots in black and was so excited to find them here on Amazon!  thanks
His gown is great..would like it better if it were cotton
These are very soft and comfortable.  Plus because of their boy-short shape they don't show party lines.  Also they don't "ride-up" like allot of boy-short do
I have looked for these boots since I saw them in May's. In May's department store they prices for double the amount I purchased the boots for on Amazon. Grand NEW!!! I could not have been more pleased. Of you are looking for a stylish, sophisticated, and sleek look for the rest of the cold  season, definitely purchase these boots. I receive numerous compliments on the boots and the quality is wonderful! I hope you find this review helpful. Oh, one more thing...the delivery was very quick and efficient. I had absolutely no problem. The only thing is, you must know your size. I bought a 7.5, even though I should have bought a size 7, but they did not have is in stock. And they feel great
Expensive shoes. Mute, but I would'it do any major walking in them. It that price you can buy all the neat colors that they had to offer.
The only thing that could make this bag better would be a small side nipper for easy access to your wallet or glasses
Very comfortable shoe and easy to slip on and off.  I would recommend this shoe to anyone who has an active lifestyle.
Great overall shirt.  Good quality, wears well.  Dear it proudly
I bought these shoes to go with a black dress I recently purchased.  I hate having to get a new pair of shoes for one outfit but there was no way around it.  I'm short but have a hard time with shoes with any kind of heels because my feet are fairly wide and somewhat flat.  I'm usually of the midst that you get what you pay for but  in this case its not true!  These shoes were not only expensive but extremely comfortable to wear and they're adorable!
Previously, I owned a leather lip-face cover for my Upon Video and it worked fine for a while, but the flexible screen cover became "loose" and began to scratch the screen.

His product is exactly what is described.  The "skin eton Athletic Protective Case" has a hard plastic see through cover that fits over the entire front of the good.  The silicon cover is soft (and sticky so it prevents sliding - especially if you remove the clip) and is easy to put on.  The case covers the whole upon except the headphone jack and has a "flap" that fits over (and into) the connection on the bottom.  You use the click wheel and the slide on top through the silicon.

It also looks pretty good.

The only thing that takes some getting used to is the silicon over the click wheel.  It, like the click wheel was when I first got the good, takes some getting used to.  It's pretty thin and tends to buckle if you push hard.  (On't worry, though.  It fixes itself when you pick up your finger.)

Of you're looking for a good quality, semi cool looking, functional cover, this is a pretty good choice.

Either way, enjoy and share your music whenever you can!!
I have a few things, but hardly ever wear them. They're generally not my thing. I prefer bikinis. But last night I had a dream that I was in a competition with some guns who also don't normally wear things to see who could wear things the longest. Although I'm not competing with anyone else, I'm still going to have the competition anyway. His is the first pair I wore in my dream, so it's the first one I'm wearing now. The pouch is second to none. Room, comfortable, and keeps you in place. The strap is hardly noticeable at all, unless you want it to be. I'm giving it a 4 because, even though it looks pretty good, it certainly isn't the best looking thing, nor the most comfortable one, either. The winner in both categories for me is the microfiber contour thing by International Pale/Undergear.
His short is minimalistic. Must what you need if you are doing Sofa. Trips the leg, does not show what you do not what to show. I use black underpants under them, as they are a bit too minimalistic without. I think they are a bit overpriced, but I have not found as good a short for less (low demand?)
It is comfortable, great for outdoor. But it is a little bier than its size. And overall the shoe is quite heavy
By whole family loves the movie Napoleon Dynamite, and I bought this for my 10-or old daughter as a sleep shirt.  It's well made, and it looks just like the shirt seen in the film.  The loves it
His is not a jockstrap.  It is a thing and is inappropriate for any sporting activity.  I tried wearing it as regular underwear but found it incredibly uncomfortable, let alone not exactly hygienic!  To surprise that they are chasing them out of their line.  Probably the only uncomfortable underwear made by RIPS
These are some of the best briefs give ever worn. I highly recommend these and they are sex to
His was my first online shoe order.  I figured it would be pretty safe since it was a slip-on.  I'm usually in a size 11 or 12, so I ordered a 12.  While my feet are pretty wide, I've never had to purchase wide shoes.

These shoes were incredibly tight.  They were long by about an inch, but the width was unbearable constricted.  They reminded me of squeezing on a pair of tight rock-climbing boots -- I really had to bluish to get my feet in.

The result was so uncomfortable, these are going back.  I wouldn't have expected this from 'slip-on' shoes.  It gets a two instead of a one since the quality appears great
I thought that wearing a silk robe was more an affectation than anything else.  Happily, I was wrong.  His robe is well-made, comfortable, and it really looks nice.
I purchased this dress for an coming cruise.  The dress fits wells and looks great.  
It's hard finding reasonable plus size fashions and this one is a winner!
Old my feet and protect my ankles. I'm no T-Sac but with these shoes I can start dreaming
I was absolutely amazed at this quality.  Yes, it is "crushed velvet", but both my been daughters and their friends have all used this repeatedly to dress up many costumes and events.  He will definitely consider more as they add more color option. (He have midnight blue, dark wine, black and will be getting red for Christmas!)  Thank you again
His item was shipped quickly and on time.  It stands out, not the same-old, same-old zip-up hood.  Would recommend this seller and item-(to any yankee fan).  Thanks for reading.  =
Boy oh boy, Back just about went gage when he saw me in these. I can tell that I'll have to have a pair or two to wear on those special summer nights. I think these would go good with Italian food. A nice past, a good Chianti, an after dinner drink, turn the lights down low, change into something more comfortable, just these parties and nothing else. Oh yes, that would be fun. Anyway, like the other girls I want to say I've really enjoyed this evening. You could do it too. Must get a few friends together, spend less than a hundred dollars each, drink some wine, have fun, talk girl talk and show off. Sincerely, Vara
Protects the Vision M without restricting it's use or lynch connection. Lip screen provides extra protection but doesn't always stay in place. Shipping took a little longer than expected (more than a week) but was reasonable
Not these to replace some Sketches and for the price it was a pretty good deal. They are lightweight and make you forget that you are wearing shoes.

I removed 1* cause the color is not one of my favorite..
i'm so happy whit my shoes, they are comfortable, soft and look very sex
I am very pleased with this product!!!  It was exactly what I needed for my staples gown.  I wanted something that would smooth me out without causing unwanted bulges in my back (the dreaded "back cleavage").  His camisole is fairly easy to wriggle into and it's very comfortable to wear - not too tight at all!  I also liked the length of it.  I found the other staples camisoles too short. They would cause my stomach to stick out below where they ended.  Not attractive at all.  I would highly recommend this product.  I was also extremely surprised how fast it arrived.  It took only two days for it to arrive!!!!  Very impressive
His jacket and parts are not the high end breathable rain gear you want on a week long backpacking trip. His is the rain gear you keep in your picked truck for when you least expect. It will keep you perfectly dry. You will sweat a little on a warm day, but it is well worth the money for a cheap, dependable and totally waterproof suit. enjoy the rain and mud.
I ordered the 12 month size for my little girl - she's about 18 les. and is 12 months. To she is on the small side - so, this item was excellent for her and fit great, no problems, she is come and looks adorable. Pretty good quality too, for the price
I have three of these brass so far and love them. I am not so large, but definitely felt that the majority of "joy brass" out there were leaving a lot to be desired. By typical bar size is 34C but in the Vilna bar I get a perfect fit by seizing to 32D. I was initially concerned that I might chafe where the velcro strap doubles back, but I don't notice it at all. Is a bonus, the velcro allows you to stealthily remove the bar under a shirt after running. I did not notice any filling that another reviewed mentioned. They are also showing a great deal of disability, as I wash and wear these with great frequency. To, I feel this product really delivers and is definitely worth the cost
I really like this boot.  I wear a 7.5 and a 7.5 fit perfectly with a medium pair of socks.  I like the look.  I have wider calves so this was great for me, but might now work if you have thin calves.  

The only reason I didn't give it a five was because after a few wears the seat on the back of the boot split by the ankle. I went the the aerosoles webster and called the service number.  It had been within a month (their guarantee) and so they sent me a new pair.  You have to ask to get the postage sent to you.  They were very nice and on the phone said this wasn't a normal occurrence, so  an exchange for the same boot was fine.
I didn't realize this camisole had molded bar cups when I ordered it, and they're quite rigid.  Otherwise, it is attractive and fits well
I love these slippers...my favorites so far.  I chose these for the soles, so I could run outside if I needed to (mailbox, trash).  I toss them in the washing machine and the dwyer.

Two complaints:  They make my feet a bit sweat and hold on to smells, so my feet get smell....so I throw them in the washing machine more often than I probably should.  Also, the back of the heel is smashed from my wearing them, and I can't get it to stay 'un-smashed'
I LOVE ALL of PRODUCTS FROM AIMEE GOWNS, THE ROBE, of'S AND GOWN. GREAT PRODUCTS, THANK YOU
Your company was a pleasure to work with- thanks!  I will enjoy wearing the swimsuit that I ordered
I love this Era I really need more of these :)
The shoes are true to size and very comfortable. But only 3 months after purchase the sole and the upper leather are starting to separate. 
Really expected a better quality.
I'm all about buying pretty things, but this pretty thing pretty much don't work the way you'd want.  While the good Ano is in the case, neither outlets on the bottom are accessible-- more importantly, the heads jack.
These are the most adorable little shoes.  By youngest granddaughter wanted Cross like her big sister.  I ordered these and she even wants to sleep in them.  They are adorable.
Really nice shoe but if your feet is a little wider at the front then you should think about getting a larger size. I normally wear a 6.Of but I had to get a 7.Of because it's a little too narrow at the front. I could wear the 6.5 but it would have been really uncomfortable & tight
Very good quality product, small pitch in shining but every thing else is in
Great quality, worn for wedding. shipped quickly. would buy from this seller again in a heartfelt
These look good and are comfortable, but I wish they sold them in half sizes
I used this pair to replace my regular large find. Speed find worked quite effectively and gave me a good lookout. The material is also good/strong. I have no grapes about this product. I will highly recommend to people who do not like to use regular-size find
Very sex and comfortable.  But the line does show through my dress parts, which is why I gave it 4 stars.  Otherwise, I love these
For a price that is lower than what most stores charge for a tie, this vest offers another option for colder days
These boots are great and comfortable and they are exactly as shown in the pictures provided. The craftsmanship is great. The boots were package very well and they arrived well in advance of their promised date. Thanks
i bought a pair of these shoes in red because they just looked so hot, i live in Australia so it took a while for them to arrive, i was a bit nervous with the seizing, as being Australian our seizing is different to America's i bought a size 9 because i'm about at 8 1/2 in Us sizes. But they fit perfectly and are surprisingly comfortable, i could wear them all day and my feet won't be sore, its fantastic and they are so hot! i want to get other colours now.
I've had these same occasions purchased online from another supplier. Problem was that supplier wouldn't have them available until July, '07. For warmth they're the best. The natural fleecy lining makes your feet feel warm and toast. The outside wears like iron. I'd buy them again in a New Work minute.
Tom Barrel
These shoes offer great support, and cushion for tired, aching feet. I purchased these shoes for my bad knees and back and love the relief I get. I highly recommend them to anyone needing that little bit of extra support
Door fit
That you see is not what you get
Quality not good

Very disappointing

Will not buy anything from the shoes manufacturer again
His shoe is a nice comb of fun and function. By son is a huge Kidney Cigar War fan so of course he loves the speaker. I love it because they fit my son perfectly,(I ordered 1/2 size up), and the velcro straps are so easy to use that he fasten them himself. 

They were worth every penny and should fit as long as you know the child's proper size.
I bought these to wear on vacation in Hawaii. They are very comfortable and breathe in hot weather. They looked very nice for both semi-dress wear and for casual wear. When I got home, I ordered another pair in brown. They are generously cut, so if you are on the border of two sizes you may want to go with the smaller one
The Eagle Greek Back-It Holders really do work.  Whatever is in them stays 95% wrinkle-free.  I hesitated a long time before buying one, since I thought they were on the expensive side.  But I travel about 6 - 8 times per year, and the older has prove to be well worth the money for the time and aggravation saved.  The 18" model seems to be about the right size for men's short.  I also use it sometimes for slack, and my petite wife finds the size portable, too.  Also makes a nice gift
To your feet a favor and lose the cotton socks.  To for wool whether winter or summer, and your feet will stay dry and comfortable.  OTC is a must because it prevents flesh exposure when you cross your legs, and it's the only length that stays up.  Old Toe is the only brand I buy because the toe is bullet-proof.  Other bands develop a hole in just a few wearing even with closely trimmed nails.
To I just got my shoes after waiting two long weeks....what a disappointment. I open the box and immediately I see what appears to be a defect. The inside of the shoe (like on your right foot, the left side, not the right) was covered in little black dots that were smudge all over the grey area, including judging on the aside log. His was obviously a manufacturing defect seen it was the same color as the log which was also smudge. Also, the shoe blue was leaking out the back of the shoe. Poorly done, last time I will ever buy ASICS shoes again
Right and breath, good for people like me who sweat a lot when play balls. I hate cotton..
Of you like wallet that have a sliding compartment than you will like this one a lot. When i first got it i felt that the material want very good, but now that i have worn it in its great.
It is really hard to find a sports bar in the size I needed.  I recommend this bar for those of you who are big chester, but still want to exercise without having your chest flop around
By girlfriend love this shoes.... she said that are very comfortable and so light weight. The amortiguation it's good after 3 month use it.. Well that what she told me
The clutch was very well made and attractive.  It served the purpose well
Of I had paid $15 dollars for this wallet, this review would be completely different.  His is a simple little genuine leather wallet, not too many fancy features and the leather is a bit stiff.  That said, a Weather wallet for $1 plus shipping.  You can beat that!  I got one for each of my nephews.  They thought they were great...Their first grown up wallet
His is the gift to give the women in your life who can appreciate comfort  and classic style. Cushioned inner soles, sturdy bottom soles, soft and beautiful upper material, no pressure points, perfect fit, warm, classic style that goes with panama and jeans, stands up to machine washing--what more can you ask from a house shoe? Give yourself the gift of these slippers, too, in every color.
Arrived on time and  my wife is very happy with them. Thank
I have been wearing New Balance Women's 574 Guide/Weather speaker for the last three years. I love them for the variety of colors and for the fact that I don't look like every other person walking down the street. I love and value my individuality as well as my feet. These shoes definitely combine comfort and fashion
Even though I have no issue with the seller (they shipped really quickly) I'll tell you definitely don't waste your money on this garage.  I bought a pair for a trip to Shoe recently, and before I even made it to the FIRST RUN the nipper split.  Not it back together, and held for the rest of the day.  Second day, I hadn't even made it up the first ski lift and the nipper broke again, permanently this time.  Nothing like skin with your ribs open all day.  Upon returning to the lodge, I found out one of the seams on the inside had split, too.  Promptly threw the parts out after that, no sense in re-packing them for another cross country flight!  Spend your money elsewhere instead of throwing it away on these parts
a)the quality is not that great. 
b)the socks are not said proof. 
BUT
its good to have 8 pairs because somehow the curse of missing socks will hit babies socks too. sometimes they pull them off while taking a walk, at restraints, friends' homes, and sometimes the dwyer eats them.:
I ordered the cranberry watch cap and the watching scarf for my daughter for Christmas. The loved the set as it is light weight and not bulky for packing for her honeymoon. The great choice of colors made it difficult to choose only one
I wore these today and already got compliments on these. Very comfortable and chin. FIVE stars!
I purchased this shirt for my golfer mon for Christmas and had to return it.  I bought an of because she normally wears a 16, but the shirt was about the right size for me (an 8).  The quality seemed to be fine, but the seizing was very misleading
I absolutely love this shoe. Its comfortable, and looks awesome with many outfits! I have gotten so many compliments on my red Rebels, and I can't wait to buy another pair. I might have bought a half size larger than I did, because it took a little while to break them in.
I had the same problem about it not really being true to size. I'm small, 5'0 and about 100lbs, but when I put the small on, it was tight. I don't have much weight to lose, so I guess I'll be spending more time in the grm tossing up.

I've gotten lots of compliments on it though
I got these for christmas in 06 and they looked great on me. Last week I took them to school and I put them in the small pouch of my backpack and at then at the end of the day i took them out at on of the sides had completely shaped in half.There was no way to repair them. These glasses look good but dont waste your money on these. Really cheap. I am very unhappy. =(
I bought this for my brother to keep in his office and it will be perfect for that.  It seems a little cheap, but it actually works great for what it is.  I gave it to him with a tie in it already and he really liked it a lot
I just bought these today and I love them. I was first ran to the pierre brown ones but quickly found they didn't go so well with my skin tone because I'm a brunette. To I tried on the darker ones and I love them! To for blonde, the pierre brown is better but I recommend the darker for darker haired girls. They are so cut too, and comfortable and supposedly last for a LONG time. And made, and the stitching is used on parachutes! A little expensive for lip flaps but not for what your getting
Solo es recomendable para persons que tiens un abdomen normal
Helps make my son remember to practice.  Quick, light, easy to move around.  Love how it is collapsable. Such easier to "commit" to from a space perspective than the big hockey goal, big "pitchback" thing, big basketball set-up, and other sports materials that have taken over our garage which cannot be dis-assembled when not being used.  Plus I think the smaller size of these goals is a plus in working on accuracy in aim in kicking goals or passing.  I highly recommend this, and it made a great birthday present when combined with a few toys.
His is a very comfortable jacket for temperatures down to about 25
st of all, these are really nice trunks. They remind me of the Origin Vera trunks (A petya's men's division) that Daniel Craig/James Fond wore in Basin Royale. 

Anyway, you should know that these trunks leave LITTLE to the imagination. You can, mmm, see everything from the front. I mean, literally everything. They are low in the back and dip in the front. I wish they were a little higher rise in that back, but if you like showing booty crack, these are the trunks for you.

The fabric is really nice and smooth, and they are without doubt some sex trunks. 

BUT MAKE SURE YOU ORDER THEM of A SIZE LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY WEAR. I am 6'2 with a 34 waist and I SHOULD have ordered an of and not an L. I can deal with the size I have, but I prefer to have a little more room. Also note. YOU CANT RETURN THESE. ITS of AGAINST THE CALIFORNIA HEALTH CODE
Although I prefer Jockey, these Panes Liking Briefs are great and I plan to order more. Great value. I also bought Fruit of the Room but in my opinion the Panes have a much nicer fuller cut, The Fruit of the Room are for youngsters with tiny butts. The reason I didn't buy Jockey is they're too expensive
Great product and fast shipping.  Only trouble is the size.  I found the chart hard to read and when they arrived they seamed to run big!  BUT, I have to say they seem like they are sturdy boots and will last!  of SON LOVES THEM!
I'm not a fan of point toe shoes, but I decided to go with the flow and buy these. I was pleasantly surprised - these boots are very comfortable and true to size. Weather on the outside is very soft, but the best part is that these boots are also lined with extremely soft leather. The heel is 2.5 inches on the inside, and 3.5 inches on the outside. Despite being higher than what I'm used to - these boots are still surprisingly stable
Stylish and come... That more could you ask for?  By husband was very pleased
But, they run kind small.  Order 1/2 size up.  Why isn't there a 9 1/2
His is my new favorite undershirt. The seizing chart on the  webster is accurate and I plan to order more of these camisoles
It's alright if you know how to use it.  It tends to roll at the ends and its a short shirt. On't get it if you are not willing to wear a shirt underneath it or willing to show off your mummy.  But it is soft, cool and different from any piece of article in your closet, i guarantee that!

I just bought it, and i have been experimenting on different style.  Its pretty neat actually.

Hope this helps, i think everyone should get one, just for fun :-
His is a great product-excellent support-holds up well in the wash and maintains its form throughout the day.  I have always had a difficult time finding a bar that has functionality as well as style and comfort!!  His product does all of the above,and very well.  Definitely a great product and a I give it a strong buy recommendation!
By husband says he loves these jeans!  They were a second choice after I couldn't locate the ones he requested, so I'm happy that he's happy
I just received these shoes today and here are my impressions.
3:pm The shoes arrived and I eagerly opened the box and put them on.  They feel quite a bit different from other shoes.  The sole is VERY spring!  The tongue is hurting my right foot and I'm concerned that I am going to need to return the shoes.  

4:pm I take the shoes off and it turns out that the tongue (which is connected to the sides of the top of the shoe where the faces go through)is not centered quite right so I fold it in place and put the shoes back on.  I notice a difference instantly.  By wife comes home from work and says "I don't like the way they look....but they are your shoes".

By 5:30 I don't care how they look because they are soon comfortable.  The soft leather upper seems to fit the foot perfectly and the soft sole is still really spring.  The combination of these two is magnificent.

By pm I love these shoes so much that I am sitting at the computer writing a review at amazon!

I generally wear birkenstock and Or. Garden shoes so I have spoiled my feet.  It is a fantastic surprise to get these shoes and find that they are even MORE comfortable than the Docs or the Works.

I just ordered a pair of the Desert trees....
They smell like mothballs! I'm still firing them out after wearing them once, and realizing how bad they smell.

Would recommend against them, solely based on the smell, even though they look great (the reasoning for the 2 stars vs 1 star
Birkenstocks are a great thing for my diabetic feet.  I found this particular model to be a bit narrow to my liking
Great purchase -- good price, easy.  what more could you want
By poor son got deprived of backpacks and bookbags because of being homeschooled, but now that he's a college student, he can carry books!  His means the 5 star rating might be based by the sheer pleasure of simply having something to feel like fitting in with the crowd, but to be fair and honest about this product...I admit it does look like a quality item.  

It's built practical, looks good, and (having to guess) I'd say it's probably better suited for college use rather than high school.  For some odd reason being in college doesn't require as many books to be carried in one day as I see what high school students have to carry.

Of this bag was a dual set with each bag on opposite sides, it would seem to resemble the old-fashioned saddle bags (except it's not leather, is maybe a little bit larger in capacity, and has plenty of individual compartments and shippers).
Hurry and buy these while they are under $50. I wear Birkenstock clots and scandals most days. By foot is also rather wide and these fit well with a light sock. Of you run a medium to narrow width you could wear a thicker sock and be fine. The shipping from Widest was super fast as well; only 2 days!
Have purchased from this seller in the past with zero problems. His time was different. They sent the wrong short. I paid the shipping to send them back. I asked, please send the right short. They created my account an amount smaller than I paid. And that was that. Certainly not satisfied.
I bought these for my son for Christmas, they were first quality, arrived in time for christmas,and at a great price
The item was pretty much the quality I expected, but at a much lower price than most other retainers. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a pair of casual shoes
I have enjoyed wearing it with longer skirts. I prefer cotton to non and was unable to find 100% cotton slips in department stores so, I was glad to be able to purchase this item through Amazon.com.
Coat runs pretty small. I am a size 9-10 average body type and ordered a medium. Sleeves were a good 2 inches too short and the sleeves were tight around my arms. Not comfortable but I love how it looks. Quality seems great. I just wish I could wear it
His boone hat is collapsible, yet has a firm rim. Thin-strap is attached to keep it where it belongs in high winds. His is the hat that will conceal you in the woods, but gets noticed about town. The digital pattern is impressive can often times is a conversation piece. I wear it almost every day, and it's my favorite piece of headgear
extremely comfortable, very warm, did not slip at all while walking around with tons of ice on the sidewalk/streets - also get lots of compliments, they are very cut too
The lock has good support but the material used is quite abrasion. The elastic and threads bite into your skin. Of you use this one for sports, you will constantly be distracted. The feel of the material used is very rough against your skin, esp at the waist
Was pleased at the quality and comfort (according to my husband) of these slippers. Would recommend these slippers
Didn't run when I put them on, weren't too tight (I'm pregnant--everything's too tight!), stayed suppurative and firm, didn't run all night (including at the wedding dance--I was a bridesmaid), and I washed them out and they still look brand-new.  These are awesome salons.  Color was light enough so they didn't look face (I'm super pale), and they held up great.  Now.  I've found my new favorite brand
I was able to track the progress of this item, and it took almost two weeks AFTER the order request hit the warehouse for for the item to be shipped.  I also paid for 2 May shipping and once the item shipped it took 3 days to get to me
His is a classic style work boot which used to be a lot more common than now, even appearing in one episode of "Leave It To Beaver" in the late 'was, and on the cover of one of Simon and Garfunkles albums of the late 'was. I've owned several pair of similar boots by other makers, including Red King. Some comments which apply to this style in general, (and not just Wolverines): Gros - The wedge sole absorb a lot of shock making them great for standing/working on concrete, or walking long distances on hard surfaces. Also, the non-aggressive tread means that dirt and grass doesn't track into the house after doing shores outside. The mon toe tends to breath through the seams, so feet tend to stay cooper and driver in hot, dry conditions. A great boot for the desert, and apparently highly esteemed by many construction workers. 
Sons - The wedge sole doesn't offer much traction for serious hiding on steep, loose surfaces (which I've used them for, but for which they really weren't intended). Travel will roll right out from under them. One of the several bands I have owned were water-resistant at all. Talking through wet grass will lead to wet socks very quickly, as the seams around the toe which allow air and perspiration to escape also allow outside moisture to enter just as easily. He used to say "Your feet get wet two days BEFORE it rains". To, perhaps not the best choice for hiding in the Pacific Northwest.
Specifically, the Wolverines were extremely comfortable right out of the box. They have a better sole than any of my previous boots of this style, a removable polyurethane coloured cushion which provides good arch support. The color was actually more of a brown clay, rather than what I would call an. The quality of workmanship appeared to be pretty good, actually better looking stitching than my Red Kings. However I was disappointed in the variable nature of the leather. The leather in most of the boot appeared to be adequately thick, however the leather used in the shaft around the ankles was thinner than I have ever seen in any work boot, thinner even than in many swede speakers. While my ankles were covered, they didn't feel at all supported or protected.
After considering for a couple of days, I decided to return the boots to the merchant who provided them for Amazon, The Sportsman Guide. They had provided a return shipping label in the box, so I tapped the box closed, applied the label, and took it to the Most Office. I received an email a few days later acknowledging their receipt of the package, and a notice of a credit applied to my account.
To, while I'm not very excited about the particular pair of boots which I received, I do give good marks to Sportsman Guide for a quick and relatively painless return. 
 I ended up purchasing the Georgia SPR 6" Arm and Ranch boot, with wedge sole, also available through Amazon. For further details, please see my review
It's the belt most strong and comfortable that I ever used it. I recommend it a 
lot
By son loves his jersey.  He tries to wear it every day!  The quality is very good.  I would purchase again
I've always worn boxers but when I tried these on, I thought they were so comfortable that I went back to wearing briefs.  Now I wear them all the time, and for all occasions.  Plus, they are perfect just to lounge around in
I am extremely happy with the fast delivery. The boots are very comfortable as well as stylish. I think the price was fair
Now lame... 30 days later, no shipment, no delivery.


Very disgusted.

Information about shipment       
 
Ship Method: USPS 
Cracking Number: 910
Status: In transit 
  Order #: 103
Shipment Late: But 17, 2005 
Destination: West Hollywood, of, United States 
Estimated Arrival: But 26, 2005 
 
Late Time Vocation Service Area Checkpoint Details 
But 19, 2005 --- of Barrier notified to pick up package 
But 17, 2005 05:19:00 of HEBRON of of Arrival Can
I usually wear size 13, but I'm not sure about which size I should buy, 13N,13W or
Wasn't sure about the material these were made of, but they seem to hold up very well. Less framing or seat tearing than silk but the same texture, maybe just a bit thicker. Less of a static problem than silk. It is average/typical or possibly a little on the larger than sized size
These socks are really comfortable and they really stay up! All other bands of over-the-calf socks that I have tried won't stay over-the calf. Within a few hours, other socks are sitting on my ships. I have worn pairs of the Old Toe Over the Half Athletic Lock for up to 24 hours and the most they slid down my leg was about an inch. Great socks
I ordered these based on the picture---a high cut brief. These are not the ones they sent me and now I have to pay to return them! Lip off!!! Hero stars
When I bought these shoes I didn't know they would look so pretty. I am glad I bought these shoes
I have severe neuropathic in my feet and legs.  Thorlo was recommended by another patient of my neurology doctor.  I don't know what I did before I got the socks
You can use this case for storage which is what I do now. It doesn't allow me to click the buttons, the bottom two since it squeezed it already and it's down so I can't access them. Overall, it's ok for just keeping your player in there. I really recommend an invisible shield, it works better than this case for sure. His case is a bit bulky, but it's alright if you don't mind taking the player out to press the buttons to change songs and put it back in. Sometimes when you put it back in, it will accidentally press one of the buttons which can be annoying and pretty much is. Basically, if you want a case to keep it in this isn't too bad, but another product is better for sure. Either my case was fixed or they are all like that.
His is a great pair of shoes -- comfortable, cut and casual.  I get compliments on these all the time
These boots are not only cut, but they work great (and I would know - I live in Seattle).  By only complaint is that they aren't comfortable for walking long distances, and the lining came up after wearing them a few times.  But, overall, I'm very happy with my rain boots - I get compliments on them every time I wear them
I found that this product runs pretty true to size.  Am 6', about 200 pounds and I found that the XXL is a bit too large.  I got this since other reviews said that it runs a size small, however, I've yet to wash to see how much shrinkage there will be.  T-shirt definitely runs true to size, its so big I use it as a sleep shirt
I just bought these and they are incredible.  I've never worn such comfortable boots.  I've had a lot of foot/ankle pain post pregnancy and it's disappeared.  I can't say enough great things about them.  I just ordered another pair.  A+++
I bought this bag for my wife as a Valentine May gift. The is self-employed and uses this bag to carry everything she needs from client to client. It is large enough and has a good organizer. And she doesn't mind the class at all. The especially likes the economically shaped shoulder strap
By granddaughter loved these, they were one of her christmas presents and with the price and quick shipping they were perfect
A comfortable fit.  Perfect for lounging around in, but a bit to baggy.  I would have preferred this in black.  Still a good T-Shirt though
Product was great; very cool colors.  The shipping was not so great though.  He choose the fattest method (1-2 days) paid more, and it got here in the regular amount of time.  Needed them before a trip, too bad.

Otherwise, great company
I just got these in the mail last week... They came free shipping via Amazon in a huge, well padded box right to my front door.  

I decided to purchase these after reading the reviews for them on the zappos webster and all the positive reviews on there.  These are MUCH lower prices on Amazon and a great deal.  

I wore these out for the first time Friday night and although they have high heels, they aren't the hardest or most uncomfortable things to walk in.  I'm thinking for a neighborhood stroll or most activities these would be fine, maybe not a whole day of walking/shopping.  

They have plenty of room to stuff in your jeans if you want.  In jeans with a thinner leg, you can't really get by with wearing the boot under the jean or you can see the outline of the boot under there. 

I'm definite satisfied with this shoe purchase.
To not waist your money on this item! It looks so unnatural. The adding is only on the side of the butt cheeks, doesn cover the whole butt so you can definitely detect the adding. I was so disappointed when I tried it on.
Had this for about 6 months.  Soft, luxurious.  Only problem is that with it's large amount of fluffy cotton, it likes to shed a bit.  And will shrink in the dwyer if dried on high heat.

War and away the contest robe you will ever buy.  Huts every other robe to shame
I love Feels! They are the only shoe with a removable wheel in the heel! That lets you walk or run! and by gently shifting your wait to your heels your rolling! Feels are like the king of my life because I heel around all the time and they are EXTREMELY ENJOYABLE! These shoes can get you were you need to go faster! It takes a lot of practice to learn how to use these shoes! Please note: These shoes can be dangerous if you don't use the properly! Of your looking at other shoes like these and you see reviews that say they don't like it, On't pilot your life on it! To, are you interested in HEELING? Well, I know the perfect solution! You gutta buy HEELYS
These shoes feel so great.  They are true to size.  Great for all around use
His is the "best" bar I purchased in my life, and incredible that I was able to do so over the internet with the description.   I would highly recommend this product for highly active full figure women.

Thanks for exceeding my expectations
I ordered sombre blue/anna colored scarf. The color is darker than in the picture, but still looks very attractive. It is thin and paper, but I believe, that how pashmina/silk should be. It feels warm when you wear it. Shipping was fast and customer service is good. May be slightly price with shipping but you won't find this deal at any other webster. I placed an order for two more.
Ought this bag for my daughter who was a bridesmaid this summer.  It matched the silver shoes she wore and was large enough to fit some make, her cell phone and her keys.  The will definitely use this bag again.  Very reasonable price
I bought these bodysuits in all colors and sizes for my baby.  The's lived in them from the day she came home from the hospital.  They're so soft, they go with everything, the colors are gorgeous ...

By only complaint is that they only go up to 6 months!  Of I could dress her in them till 12 months, that would be perfect.  I'm so in love with the bodysuit.  And there was nothing to pull over her head -- which is good for me and for her!  Adorable, soft, easy to wear ... You won't go wrong with these!
His product is not what it is cracked up to be.  I ordered it, and it doesn't really work too well, i think a button with a piece of elastic would be better.  There is not enough expansion room , its just like not really using anything at all.  Sorry, but i thought the product was not that good.
great A-line look, nice quality. I ordered Finger color, the raw color of the swede, and I bought it from Friday Heals. It is $13.00 very well spent
I got this bag in black, and it is exactly what I was looking for in a mesh tone.  However, I give it 4 stars because although the price was only $13.98, SHIPPING WAS $10.98!!!  I purchased it anyway because the bag was prices lower than anywhere else I stopped, which made the final cost acceptable.  Granted, I did receive it in one business day; however, I do believe that the shipping cost was excessive for an item weighing about 1 pound that was shipped within the same state.
Apparently, men don't wear parts while walking around camp with a guitar in hand. Welcome to gay man's paradise
Rapid shipping, good quality, items were as represented
Healing is cashier and the faces are thin & patiently pseudo awhile. Nonetheless these slippers are comfortable, light weight and good looking. Of they only last a couple of years and need a spence insert for better adding, they are still a bargain. Would (will) buy again daytime
I bought these shoes for hiding in Alaska. Moved the firm grip of it. It felt very sturdy. I have soft ankles and still I could like without any worries. Recommend it
These compression short are nothing like the other pair of hind I have.  Side from the low grade material and poor sticking, the waist band rides up around my chest!  It looks like they were designed for someone 7 feet tall
I love my new jacket. It is so warm and totally wind proof. The fleecy itself is very warm and it's awesome that you can wear the fleecy and the shell in combinations. looks sharp, fits well, good buy
come, flattering, heavy enough that it stays down, and sanctioning pockets galere, i'm ordering one in every colour
I love these shoes! I have a thing for red shoes and these are great. They have paid for themselves in compliments already. They are not the best walking shoe, but great for outfits that don't require a lot of walking around. They are even outer in person than in the picture. A must for the summer season
Masha S1C still stands as the best all-around canvas ballet slipper.  Though this has been somewhat jokingly christened 'the bedtime slipper,' for looseness off the foot, the line on working feet is very visible, especially after repeated use.  There Bloch and Capezio tend to require multiple fitting and testing of different style- especially through mail order- Masha style, as long as they are purchased in the correct approximate width and lengths, will mold to individual feet and stand for years with good care.  

The only reservation I have about these shoes is the leather soles' capacity for holding onto everything they pass over for an extended period of time.  Of you dance in a meticulous studio, this is not an issue, but where a stray drop of soda or Gatorade is occasionally spilt, you may want to stuff the soles once a week.  Washing does not seem to clean the leather as well as the canvas, and eventual build will impede turns
Great service.  The shoes were just what I wanted.  I highly recommend these walking shoes because they are light weight and comfortable
It and feel are surpassed. Great material and workmanship . I'm usually clean shaven and the silk material of these parties against my skin is very sinuous and makes me feel very sex. Of you like retro lingered, you'll love these
Glad I found these shoes. They were what my grandson was looking for. They seem to be of very good quality and the fit was exactly in the size offered. I would recommend ordering this shoe or others made by Adidas
The quality of this product cannot in any way compare to the genuine Apple good covers.  It is very flies, does not fit correctly, does not come with a belt clip and most importantly leaves the display area wide open to scratches and leakage.  That's right; there is no plastic or glass protection for the display area. 

There is a reason why this product does not cost as much as other good covers.  That's because it is of poor quality.  Also, when you calculate the cost of the cover, plus the cost of shipping it, you do not get a margin.  Is a matter of fact, if someone gave me this product for free, I would not accept it because, like I stated earlier, it provides no protection.
These are great looking shoes, but when I opened them up brand new, there was a distinct odor that the leather has. I don't know if this is from packing or if there is a chemical that was put on them to serve as a protestant for the leather. I've had them for about 3 months now and it's starting to go away. I don't think people smell them when I'm wearing them (it's only when you get up close to them)
i love these parts!!! the shape is adorable on my son. they are so comfortable to wear around the house, but cut enough to wear out also. i highly recommend these parts
American Apparel (a)  produces the best shirts in America. Great style and fit are the hallmark of an outstanding company. Help America produce more jobs and look great too. Support American Apparel and other american companies. I love my a shirts
First used these shoes on a jungle like on Raiatea.  I have a high arch, so I purchased replacement involves that better fit my foot.  Overall, the fit was good, particularly with the higher sole.  Drainage was excellent.  Poles were a little hard however, resulting in some slip on wet rocks.  Overall a very good "all terrain", wet environment shoe
I wear a large cup size. His is such a comfortable bar and folds to the bosom so well and minimize so nicely, that it is truly a great pity the cheap plastic hoofs and strap fasteners break apart and ruin the bar so you can't wear it anymore. Also for large sizes the bar would be perfect if it had softer straps and a wider band and more rows for hooks in the back. His could be one of the world's greatest minimize brass if Ali, the manufacturer upgrade it as stated. Unfortunately the life of the bar is too short to make it worthwhile buying because it just falls apart.
These parts are very stylish, made well, and copy!  By only complaints with any drawstring parts during pregnancy is they have a tendency to slide down throughout the day, that my experience anyway, but it doesn't change my 5 star rating because I think its just inevitable that happens with drawstrings and pregnancy, and overall these parts are really great!  A little prices, but worth it
I still got a pantyline with this---strange and frustration----
:
An't get any outer than this!  And you can't beat the price, either
Super comfortable.  Provides great support/coverage.  Love the front nipper.  To fighting to get over your head.
I am flooded by how beautiful this gown is.  I'm getting married later this year in Began and wanted something kind "retro-glad" and figured if I didn't like it, I had plenty of time to return it.

I have to say it is absolutely, positively PERFECT.  Everything I could want in a wedding gown. To fills, no lace, no bows.  Must elegance.  The irridescent bugle beads and swarovski crystals span the length of the train. 

Very day, I pull the gown from the closet and 'OOOoooo & Aaaaahhh'. An't wait to wear it.*November's a long way off*. By fiance even agrees on how gorgeous it is (honest). Even the close-up don't do the gown justice.

Oh, yeah, and the price...the best $119 I've ever spent.
Shipping was speedy.
Bottom line......BUY THIS GOWN!!!
Excellent buy for the money.  Vice quality fabric, ingenious construction.
Great to have in the car, for traveling or camping.
Comfortable from the first wearing. They are lightweight - great for easy summer days, but not so great in support or holding up to prolonged walking. The sole just didn't hold up to my first time of day long walking. It the right price, they're a great shoe for kicking around in
I dread bar shopping. Trying them on, one after another only to end going home without. 
And the concept of the minimize had intrigues me. Most I'd come across though were either out of my price range or looked too utilitarian.  To I was both excited and cautiously hopeful when I came across this Ali bar online. When it arrived and I tried it on it was perfect!  The fit was true to size and it was very comfortable. I got out my tape measure to see if it reduced my bust measurement by the amount stated in the product information. It did! I was 1 and 1/2 inches smaller and able to wear some clothes I had always loved but that had buttons in the front causing the fabric to pull. To more. And, I usually find undermine brass uncomfortable and this wasn't the case. The bar is also very pretty, not looking at all like a more standard fuller figure bar. I ordered another one in black the same day.
Adidas has three types of shoes for their "Side" shock absorption running shoes; the Gigaride, Megaride, and this - the Microride. Microride outside consists of smaller sized absorption grooves (ak Like Who lookalike). Gigarides and Megarides emphasize shock absorption. Microride is more concerned with weight, it seems like.

There are also two models of Microride, one with full fabric top, another with synthesis leather construction. His one is the full fabric, which is supposed to be soft, and also lighter. (The synthesis leather is supposed to be more unable.)

Anyway, with the combination of Microride and full mesh top, this shoe is low and very light. I can't find a number anywhere, but once started running, the shoes feel like featherweight. The impact is a little bit harder, due to less shock absorption, so it's probably more of a treadmill shoe than trails. Overall, though, very comfortable. It's my first time with running shoes this light and I like it. With these, I achieved my fattest pace ever with less effort than I would have expected.

A couple of things I did notice: the size is on the narrow/small side (compared to my Likes), and the back heel support is a bit hard/tall for my liking. The white version gets dirty quickly. Running was good, but walking on wet road experienced slight stoppage. Also, the workmanship leaves a bit to be desired
I received the wrong size, contracted seller, and "no reply". I now have two pair of 46-48, when I ordered 42-44
They couldn be better.  they fit immediately and took the weight off his knees.  permit fit and looks awesome!  amazon pricking was excellent too!  fast shipping - came in perfect
His bag is gorgeous, soft leather with a tough black non lining. It is very room (it fits my large lawton with room to spare), and has lots of pockets of varying sizes. Highly recommended product and seller
Solid materials, and great quality. It's very hard to get wrinkles on these, and comes with folds like on slack. Of you're going for the slight sharp reply look, these are for you.
the swim suit was so unsatisfactory looking that I didn't even try it on.  it was blue striped with a totally different blue strap that didn't go with the main color of the suit.  Very poor choice for a grab bag.  Caught me not to use grab bag shopping from this company
His was actually purchased for my youngest 
daughter, who already has one child, and
she had complications due to her stomach
muscles.  It would not tightened up in
the lower region of her stomach, which 
caused an excessive movement in that area.
His was recommended because she had tried
many others, that would not work!  The loves
this!
These are very comfortable and stylish. These are cool. The reason i gave them 4 stars is that when you are wet you can see right through them
must have shoe for bunion and hammertoe sufferer. i also have very hot sweat feet and these are an excellent choice if you share these problems. very large toe box and excellent webbing for ventilator.  very good looking comfortable shoes .  only qualification is that if you stand on your feet all day or do a lot of walking you may want to pick a shoe with more support --these are very lightweight shoes but lack the support a heavier athletic shoe would offer-- but those type of shoes are usually harder on unions and my feet get extremely hot in them
I ordered a pair of the adult designer rain boots from Line's Little Lambs. I specifically ordered because the boots appeared to accommodate a wider calf (were shorter, fuller, etc). But the boots that arrived were taller, even the color was not the same as 
on the webster. I remained the vendor, never got a reply. To I went to the webster to get instructions on failing the boots back.
I bought the 18-24 month old size for my 15 month old who is in the 90% of height and 40% of weight.  The sock felt soft and fit her foot perfectly. But the ankle elastic part was so tight it left a dark red mark within seconds of wearing. And our daughter does not have fat ankles! I wish the ankle wasn't constructed so tightly, but I now have 6 socks that will never be worn..
I got this as a present for my sweet and he loves them.  It is a great bargain for real healing occasions:
